

1) So first off your going to email olive garden here https://www.olivegarden.com/About-Us/Contact-Us/
2) your going to tell them pretty much that the service was long / terrible, that the food was cold and bad tasting. and it was your kids birthday and he brought friends (the more people, the more money) your also going to say you didnt remember the waiters name, make up a night and a give em a location near you.
3) they will reply with an email saying...Thank you for contacting Olive Garden

donotreply@olivegarden.com
	
Thanks for contacting Olive Garden!

We sincerely appreciate the time you took to share your thoughts, and will respond as appropriate within 3 business days.
 
In the meantime, you might also like to:
Subscribe to our email newsletter
Join over 1,000,000 Olive Garden fans on Facebook
Browse FAQs

4) you will wait for another email and it should read like this.

"Olive Garden Guest Relations" <olivegarden@olivegarden.com> wrote:
 Dear Tim:

 Thank you for your email. Guest feedback is very important to us and we appreciate your taking the time to share your comments.

 We are sorry we disappointed you on your visit and are anxious to forward your ratings to the appropriate management team. That way we can make immediate corrections to ensure pleasant future dining. However, there are some details of your visit we would like to obtain. Please reply to this email with your server's name and/or description. Also, please include the check number listed on your receipt. If you no longer have your receipt, please reply back with the name's of the entrees ordered so that we may locate your visit in our computer records.


 We look forward to hearing from you and personally resolving your concerns.

 Lidia
 Olive Garden Guest Relations

5) Reply with something simple like this... I do no remember the servers name or all the food ordered It was like a week ago. I also threw away the receipt.

6) they will reply with something according to your entry..
Dear Tim:

Thank you for your reply.


Guests like you are our most important asset, so we are very concerned when anyone leaves our restaurant dissatisfied. We strive to provide the best quality, value, and service on each dining occasion and we clearly let you down. We apologize for creating a poor impression.

Because we value your relationship with us, please accept the complimentary gift card that has been mailed to your postal address. We ask you and your son use it towards a future visit with us and give us another try. A delightful dining experience awaits you as a result of your feedback.

Lidia
Olive Garden Guest Relations


off topic. i need help with getting a serial for a keurig home brewer platinum, if you can help get me one it would be much appreciated thanks! and enjoy
