Dedicated to @WalshPID , because hes my best pal here

Now I'm not going to teach anyone how to SE an Alienware laptop. So if that was what you were expecting, sorry!

Moving on...

During the advanced replacement process where they send you the laptop, tell the courier that they have the wrong address once it arrives. After a day after, call back support and ask them why the laptop was being sent back (as shown for tracking number). They should investigate while putting your ass on hold. They will come back and report that they had the wrong address.

Call everyday to follow up on this issue to ensure success as logs of calls are made, summaries of the session are added to it as notes.

They may say that they will resend the laptop to your address, how ever your address will now be "flagged fraudulent".
This part is a some what annoying task. After carrying on asking them to redo the advanced replacement process, they will let you know that this would not be possible and in some way or another, you will be redirected to the fraud department. Don't worry!

The dumbass Indian there is a fucking cunt. He likes to pretend like he'll listen to you when you pester him to a certain degree. (i've complained about this to the manager, I wonder if anything happened to him...)
Anyway... ask to talk to his manager, and most likely he won't do this and instead offer a background check in your addresses household (which means its better to not use drops with this method, though I am not sure if he can even find this information or cared enough to when I did so). You will be questioned for the names of the people that live within that address, give them to him.

Once you are done with that part, you may now stop being so fucking mad at Indians since he removed the fraud flag on your service tag.

Okay, now this is the part where you can relax. Not to the degree of weed, but close. Real close.
After you are done with unflagging your service tag, recall support to set up a new advanced replacement! Huzzah!
Remember when I said that they record summaries as notes per call onto your service tag support history?
After you get that advanced replacement approved, finally ask them HOW LONG it will take. They will tell you about a week or two. Be mad, be furious and bitch about how it has already taken FOREVER to get a replacement due to that fraud flagging.

Shortly after, ask to speak to their manager. While put on hold, get all your giggles out.
Explain to the manager that this process has been taking forever and that its been a total waste of hours that you put into calls everyday to get this sorted out. After a while of pestering the manager will offer you a selection of upgraded laptops! You just till him which one you would like with the MAXED OUT components! It will most likely be refurbished, but stop being a bitch and dont' whine about that.

Additional information: Upon arrival, you can call back support and say that the version of the laptop that was supposed to be sent is diffrent from actually recieved. Then it will be their responsibility to send you another! But you will need to first send the faulty (and non-existant) one back. Their policy is to send it after they receive tracking number of the faulty one. In business, it is law that you are able to keep a wrongfully sent product, understand?
Work with that information yourself pals, my work here is done.

--------------------------
Why does this work?
--------------------------
As their policy, discontent in "long durations" in process grants the customer an upgraded form of any Alienware laptop. (I'm not sure, but maybe you can go from laptop to desktop).

You have to also keep in mind that if you try to rush this, IT WILL NOT WORK. This is due to the fact that their policy also requires that you have to have the same laptop componenets when setting up your first advanced replacement.

-----------------------
Why bother?
-----------------------
This is solely for the purpose for people who are having trouble getting service tags of their ideal Alienware laptop. Of course, you'd be receiving the laptop much quicker if you already have the service tag to what you need. This guide was really meant to help you achieve success while allowing you to understand the way Dell support works in a much better fashion. I've learned a lot by doing this, and so can you.

At first, my service tag was for m17x, however after doing this, it was upgraded to m17x R3 since I had requested this. It was the best version of m17x at that time. (If anyone goes for m17x series, MAKE SURE to ask that you want to max it out with 3D CAPABILITY. Its possible that they go with Radeon HD GFX card, in which does not support 3D.)


Please, don't be trying this out if you have no need for it. Perhaps I'm being naive when I'm saying that I trust people to not abuse this, however its important that I give back to the community in one way or another after having been here for so damn long.

Most importantly, don't leak!
