Register an amazon account and register a prepaid credit card preferably green-dot.
Order an item through amazon using your card, Must be shipped internationally.
Make sure you don't end up signing for the package. (this is basic SE'ing figure it out)
Wait until you package has arrived and. keep waiting till a few days after final delivery date.

Call them up in a hurry and ask where it is? when will it get to your house?
They will notice it says delivered already and tell you about a free replacement.
Just  say yes please and then get off the phone quickly and say you do what  you need and hang up or something and explain your in a hurry for  whatever reason.


Now since its an international order there  is a little thing call customs  and they look at taxation as well and if  they notice that no tax has been paid Ie. a free item being sent from  amazon they investigate and make someone pay.

How does amazon get  around this? well amazon's free replacment either means they generate  credit onto your amazon account and then use that to buy the items, in  which case you cancel the order buy what you wish delivery to where you  wish with express postage and hope no one notices 

OR
 They bill your creditcard for the required amount for a few days then refund it once it goes through customs.

So  your relying on the last one to happen, however you havent given your  full premission to bill your credit card as you were in a hurry  remember.

So when they go to bill your card (which they aren't  shy about) youll have no money left in there and then youll get an email  informing you about the failed billing and to call up.


Now this is where your at.

Amazon  has taken your money weeks ago, failed to deliver your product and now  has illegally access and used your confidential secure financial  information without your full consent. That's a federal crime.

So here is where i leave you guys to have your own fun.

Companies will do a lot to avoid federal level law suits.

over 1.5K+ of credit is possible.

Oh BTW the items bought must be Amazon.inc only


enjoy it,

peace
