I came up with this method on my own and used it for the first time just after Christmas. I saw the thread here, but it's just a little bit different, and more user friendly if you don't have photoshop skills. This is great for a beginner SE.

This method will get you:

A code for SWTOR which will be applied to your account automatically (allowing you to play the game)
Free 30 days of gameplay
Access to Collector's Edition perks and items
What you will need:

A photo of the Collector's Edition game. Sample <-- please be careful if you use this photo, because I've already used it.
A generated Amazon POP. Sample <-- Here's the one I used. I like to print it out, fold it a bit and rescan. (Also, I added an Amazon URL. this isn't necessary, but it adds realism: I looked up the url for an actual Amazon invoice and added it to the bottom, so it looks like it was printed from that page.)
Why this works: It's a very easy and general SE, it's just the excuse that gets the job done. I saw a news story that many Collector's Edition games were shipped without the activation code in them, so that's what you'll need to exploit.

Let's get started
Head over to http://www.swtor.com/support/form and fill in your details. Your problem is that when you opened your collector's edition of the game, you couldn't find an activation code anywhere. Write that you've looked through everything but just can't seem to find it.
It usually takes sometime to get a reply, mine took about 24 hours. They may start helping you, or they may ask you to describe your problem again. Just do what they say.
Don't give them your photo and POP until they ask for it.
Just follow along with them and in a couple emails an activation code should be applied to your account.
Be patient, they seem to take forever to reply. Mine was about a 5 day turn around from beginning to end.
Proof:
http://i.imgur.com/wEZ3d.png

Thanks and let me know how it goes. This is my first SE guide. I know its very basic, but I thought it was a useful variation of the one I already saw on here. Good luck SEing!
