Astro Method
By ROHLY20

This is really simple.  I'm not positive on the number what you need.  I know if you have everything on that list that it will definatly work.  But I'm sure that you can get by without everything.  This is a step by step method but doesn't need to be followed exactly.  The support is VERY nice and helpful.

Requires:
-Valid Order Number
-Purchase Date
-Unregistered Serial number
Optional:
-A receipt is helpful because it gets you everything at once.

Steps:
1:
Get an unregistered serial that came from an authorized Astro Retailer. 
You will also need the order number and purchase date to go with it. 
I would just get the receipt and you will have everything.

2:
Register the serial on their website.
Go here then click on register product: http://www.astrogaming.com/support/
You will need to make an account first.
Use all real info as it will be delivered to that address.

3:
Once registered go to support and click on submit a case.  Here is the link: https://support.astrogaming.com/new_case
Say that you were using them for about 2 hours and then went to go eat. Came back and they weren't working. 
You tried charging them. Tried unplugging and plugging them back in. You tried turning them on and back on.  Just basic troubleshooting techniques.
Also a big thing is to know your product. Don't say something stupid about being wireless when it is for a wired headset.  Know what you're talking about.

4:
They will email you in the next two days and if it is wireless, tell you that you may need to pair them. Not sure what they would say if it is wired.
Pairing is pretty much just holding down two buttons so that the wireless connection can pick up again.  It is supposed to keep blinking white till they pick up, then turn solid white, and then solid red. 
Just say that didn't work.  For wireless I said that it kept blinking white until I pressed the button again to stop it. 

5:
Then he will send you a shipping label for a cross ship.
He wil explain how it works.  Basically right when they see that your package is in transit, they will send out the package.
Now you have two options:
You can now box them and they won't get the empty box until after you get the headset.
OR
You can ask for an advanced replacement. Have a good reason though. They have really nice customer service so if asked correctly they may give it to you. 
Just say something along the lines that you are really busy and you already spent $300 on these really good headphones and you would have to spend another $15 just to buy a box to send them back. 
Just ask nicely and have a good reason and they may give it to you. Cross shipment is still better than nothing.

That's pretty much it. You can do it for any Astro product.

Also, it may be possible that you do not have to register the product first.  In this case you won't need anything.  

If you need any help feel free to contact me:
Se7ensins: ROHLY20
AstroPID: ROHLY20
AIM: ROHLY20
Skype: ROHLY20

Walsh sux dick.
