Most alcohol is very cheap to make since they mass produce it. So if a customer has a problem they don't mind helping them out and making them happy so they keep coming back. Here is a guide I use to get a free tank of gas (Money) or a free bottle of booze.

Find your alcohol brand or find the company they are owned by. Some alcohol brands on their website have a contact us, while others do not or they tell to contact the "mother" company. 

If you go to smirnoff you notice there is no contact us.
http://i.imgur.com/fdimF.png

A company by the name of Diegano owns smirnoff.
Here is a link to their brands;
http://www.diageo.com/en-row/ourbrands/Pages/StrategicBrands.aspx

Pick your brand, find a normal bottle that is popular and send them a complaint about the taste was terrible, or the bottle was half full, or a excuse to get them to either send you a replacement bottle or a refund. They normally send you a check as a refund if it is illegal to ship alcohol to your state. 

When you send them a complaint some companies will ask you for a lot code, some won't. In my experience they do not normally ask. I have had only one company ask for a lot number and it was SKYY. When they get the complaint they will ask if they can make arrangements to retrieve the bottle, tell them yes. Or you can try to get around sending it back. They send you a box from Fedex 99% of the time, you can either send it back or trash the box. I do nothing and throw the box out and just wait for my check or bottle. The check normally takes 3 business days to 2 weeks. They do not verify to make sure you send the bottle back.

When I send the complaint I usually tell them the problem, and that I enjoy their brand of alcohol the most. Then I ask if I can another bottle to replace the faulty one, or ask for compensation for the faulty bottle.

http://i.imgur.com/IVzVk.png

For states that cannot take alcohol shipments you need to look online.

I am in a state that does not accept alcohol shipments but there is a company that I ran into that does ship to my state even though it illegal. 

TIP: Do not try this on a beer companies as they make you call in and require a lot more information and normally they do not send you reimbursement. Not worth the time and effort

Also do not try on Patron, very time consuming and you must get around shipping it back. They make you send the bottle back to them and you cover the shipping, they make you scan your driver's licence, as well as they only take action( check or replacement bottle) when they receive the bottle with tracking showing it.

The check's aren't normally that big, 20-30$. I got sky to cover me with their largest bottle. I also got another company that is my personal favorite in flavor, to send me a check for 44$ when a bottle cost 19$. JUST DON"T MAKE A STUPID REASON. I did that once and the supervisor who forwarded it to a rep to help laughed at the message and typed it in.

http://i.imgur.com/b64TS.png


I do this time from time so they don't get used to the same excuses and change policies. 
Figured I would contribute something to the community as I have not before, only a few people here and there. 

I am NOT held responsible for what happens.

ALSO don't be an idiot and keep doing the same company and not expecting to get caught.
