So this is my second method I wanna share with you guys on this site! 

Thought i'd post it in this Cross-tier section so it doesn't get raped as these companies have already been tried many times and they do catch on really easily. I nearly got caught once when the guy went on my Facebook and searched through my wall and found out that i'm only in secondary school when i was acting as a father lool :culpability:. Make sure when you try these to have a email which isn't connected to anything like Facebook etc. Lesson that i learnt when i first started SEing lol.
 
Anyway the method is here. 

1. First look for a skateboard brand, i suggest going for something in the middle and not the best skateboard brand at first unless you are a beast at SEing which you guys should be lol. These are nearly all the skateboard brands out there http://www.warehouseskateboards.com/skateboard-brands

2. Email them or call if you want saying that, while you or your son etc. was riding it, the skateboard snapped in the middle.

3. They should email you back straight away as they are not professional companies and more like stingy rats so you should expect it in a few minutes if they are open or actually bothered to reply.

4. They will ask for details, pictures and a receipt. Generate a receipt and give the details. Give them a reason to why you cannot send pics. Say your camera broke while you had the accident with the skateboard or make any reason you want if you have something better.

5. They should then say that it's fine and give you an option of what skateboard you will like if the one that you want has stopped being produced which is what happened to me. They only produce a few of the skateboards so most likely they will give you an option of which skateboard you want. 

MAKE SURE you don't say you did any tricks otherwise they will say it is your fault and not available for warranty, repair blah blah blah. And so you won't be able to get a replacement! 

ALWAYS read the companies warranty policy as each skateboard brands warranty is slightly different. 



I have a few other items which I have SE'd and would like post it on this site on the cross-tier section if I manage to stay on this site. But please make sure that it doesn't get raped and leaked lol. The other items I've SE'd are not on this site and are quite expensive. Managed to sell one of my speakers which i SE'd for £150!

Heres some pics of the skateboardhttp://i.imgur.com/4CqhxPP.jpg


http://i.imgur.com/IIG7iBa.jpg?2
