I used this method all through out high school to get my football gloves for free.

1. E-mail them at http://cuttersgloves.com/contact.php

2. Tell them you bought *glove model and size* at sports authority and lost the receipt. and that they ripped along the stitching on one of the fingers (be creative, sound semi-believable). Explain how you love cutter gloves and how they help you make the plays you do at your position. Say you are in the playoffs and need your gloves for this week's game. 

3. They will e-mail you back within 24 hours offering to send an advance replacement pair with a box to mail the old ones back in.

4. Wait 1-3 business days and your new gloves will arrive via Fed-Ex.

Note: They may ask for a VCC now. I have never had to use one but people are saying they require a CC now.

I used this method 4 times and it worked flawlessly, I played linebacker and fullback in high school and cutters gloves are really high quality.


Example:
Hello my name is ________ I am 17 years old and I am a lifelong customer of Cutters products. Whenever I take the field to play your products always allow me to make amazing plays as a fullback/linebacker. But I wasn't nearly as satisfied as I normally am with my last purchase. I purchased a pair of your 017 Solid Black Colored receiver gloves in extra large and after using them for two practices they ripped. Although it it a small rip along the index finger which doesn't greatly affect their performance it disappointed me greatly. I always thought Cutters were the best gloves and have bought many pairs over the years and these are the first ones to wear out so fast. I tried returning them to the store but they would not return or exchange them because they are used and I don't have the packaging or receipt. I would love any help I can get from you guys for my situation. Thank you for your consideration in advance.


Dear ____,

 

Thank you for your inquiry to our website.  I want to first apologize for the issue you are having with your gloves.  Customer satisfaction is of the utmost importance to us.   

 

Normally we would require you to return the gloves to us first for inspection by our warranty department, within 60 days of purchase to include the receipt, but we are trying to determine if there is an isolated issue with the integrity of the stitching and would like to arrange to have you return your gloves to us for our inspection.  If you would, please let me know where and when you purchased the gloves as well as the exact style, size, and color of the gloves you have along with your mailing information and I will arrange to have a replacement pair shipped to you (providing we have that item in stock), along with a call tag to be used to return your defective pair.  I generally request a signature upon delivery for replacement packages, so please let me know if this will be a problem.  I also am providing you with a return authorization number and would ask that you write this number on the outside of the box as well as the inside, along with your information, name/address/phone.  I am going to have record of your information in my system, but I like to have the same information accompany the package back to our facility.  Your Return Authorization number is:  2011281

 

I look forward to hearing back from you.  You may respond directly to this email or call me direct at 1-800-821-0231.   



Ok I purchased 017 Solid Receiver Gloves in Adult extra large size and White Color. If you do not have I can wear XXL and if you do not have white I can wear black. I just really need the gloves ASAP. I only have 3 games left in the season and want to use the gloves badly. I purchased them around September 14TH at Sports Chalet at ____and the ___freeway in ____________. My address is :

 
Thank you for your reply and the information provided.  I will arrange to have a replacement pair of Cutters Original Receiver Gloves in All Black, size medium, sent to you via FedEx ground service.  A return label will be inside with the replacement pair of gloves for you to return the pair you currently have.  Please be sure to write the return authorization number (RA#2011281), on the outside of the box as well as inside along with your information.
 
I will provide you with the tracking number once I have it.
 
Please let me know if you have any other questions.
 
Thank you,
 
Becky

