AstroPID.com
VIP Exclusive

Hey guys, today I am going to be showing you my personal method for CyberClean cleaning putty for free.
The company is based in Canada, but will ship replacements for free to the US and Canada :)
 
What is CyberClean?
CyberClean is a putty like product you can use to clean all the tight places on your keyboard, phone, etc. You just press the putty into the space where you need to clean and pull it right back out. I found it works great on my dirty keyboard and left a nice lemony smell. Anyways, on to the method.

Step 1.
Head over to CyberClean.net or just click here to go right to their contact us page.

Step 2.
Fill out the forum with all legit info, and for the message/subject use something along these lines:

Problem With CyberClean

Hey, a couple days back I bought your product cyber clean but it didn't preform as advertised. For some reason when I pushed the product into my keyboard, the product got stuck when I tried to pull the putty out. I followed every direction, and even kneaded the putty in my hands before using. I was forced to vacuum out the little chunks still left, and there was a nasty residue left on the keyboard. Needless to say I have not had a good experience with your product, and was hoping you guys could help me out. For reference I bought the 5.11oz container of cyber clean.

Step 3.
Wait for them to email you back and they will ask you some questions, just reply saying the same stuff, it was really sticky, etc.

Step 4. 
They will now ask for shipping address, and will ask if you still have your receipt. Amazon receipts work just fine, but I am sure you could do it by just saying you don't have it anymore. That being said, I would recommend just whipping one up.

Just wait for them to say they are shipping it, and get your tracking number. I got mine only 2 days after the first email, so these guys reply and ship fast.

Enjoy :)

Proof Of SE:
http://i.imgur.com/STvtJKb.jpg
(Sorry for shit quality, its a iPad Camera)
