..... With a Paintball Gun? 

Here's a tut on getting yourself a paintball gun from empirepaintballs. 

I have successfully done this and received a JT Raider RTP Marker Kit (gun, paintballs, air tank, ball holder, kits) so I can confirm it will work for that specific gun kit and or the JT models, but I can not confirm that it'll work for a BT or Empire model. The last time this worked was about 3 weeks ago. This might work with any other paintball related site like sakworldpaintball for example (You will have to call in or at least they told me to do so but I never did). 

You will be able to get an advance replacement, but that's a 50/50 chance (probably a better chance as I only tried twice) as you might get a d$ck rep and he will not budge and require that you send it in, which then you just box or find some reason as to why you can't send it in. 

I will recommend trying a cheaper model. The model that worked for me was about $150(JT MODEL) and that other one in which they insisted on me sending in cost around $400(BT MODEL).

Items Required:
None. I did not have to show any type of proof both times. 

Steps:
1. Head over to empirepaintball.com. 

2. Head here 'Support' and click on their email (or copy it) and email them or you can call them.

3. In the email let them know what's wrong with the gun and what you've tried to do to fix it. I told them my gun wasn't shooting at all and that I have tried a new air tank and adapter. 

4. Now wait for a responds (they're pretty fast in responding), and when it comes it will probably contain some steps to try. Just reply hours later (you don't want to reply right away as it will surely have taken you longer to try their steps) saying it didn't work.

5. You will receive a second reply (could be more, it just depends) asking for your information as you will need the gun repaired. Now here is where you ask for an advance replacement in a clever way (don't say "You offer AR so send me one", it'll make them think that you studied their policy). I told them that I would need a gun for an upcoming huge tournament I'm apart of and I couldn't afford a new gun (basically the sob story). 

6. Here two things can happen either the rep will send you a replacement and you're done (you don't have to ship anything back, I didn't and still have yet to hear anything from them) or the rep will be an as$ and insist you that you have to send it in for repair, if that happens you can either keep insisting, box them, or start all over again. 

7. Once you receive your gun enjoy or sell it.

This will probably get saturated fast as they're a small company meaning they have minimal amount of Tech. support employee's so they will quickly catch on that so many people guns started jamming out of nowhere.


"Fake he has no proof!" Oh is that right?.....
(picture of the JT Raider Kit)
http://gyazo.com/c12024d244796b003e12dac0bf253b49.png
