This works if you're in a town with two radio shacks and 
A- willing to take the risk(not recommended) or,
b-willing to do the homework

This is how I got the two NIB iphones in my brag thread plus two others I gave away before I could photo them and quite a few GPS units, laptops(my sony baby), solar chargers, digital radio scanners(700$+), and more.

A surprising number of Radioshacks have fake cameras, most store-use the fake ones they sell for 15$ to save money.  I know two of the RadioShacks in my town don't have real cameras(if the cameras have "radioshack" printed on them then they're fake), so you can walk in and say/be anything :D

RadioShack uses ICSTs(inner company store transfer) to transfer goods which is just a piece of paper showing the value of the merchandise, the store numbers, and signatures of two associates.

If you have an inside person to already know all the people this is cake but I'll describe how it works solo which just takes a little more effort and planning.

HOMEWORK:
-You need to know who both the managers are and a little about their personality, try to find which one is lazier or flakier "I used to work retail and had the laziest manager who was always forgetting to do key stuff, are any of your managers like that?".
 -Then find out who works nights at each store(should be a steady rotation of 2-4 people), they will most likely be college students or at least mere part timers.
-Finally learn the regional manager and cellular reps names if you can, they're great names to drop.
-Finally you need the store numbers since that's how associates talk to each other, you can find those at http://www.radioshack.com/storeLocator3/index.jsp (#01-6543 = store 6543)
-Radio shack name tag, I swiped one off a counter or Kinkos makes them for about 10$.  Black, white, or red shirt and black slacks with dress work shoes.
 
So now you have two stores that you know who is working when and who has a reputation for laziness plus a full uniform.  From here out always use first names and store numbers so you sound like "one of them".

THE SCAM part one- Call the RadioShack without cameras or with the least responsible manager as a customer around two hours before the stores close.
Say your company needs iphones STAT!  Like maybe as many as 15 due to an unfortunate office pool party, can they be activated tonight?  Be a bitch, we want that employee to hate you but want that commission.  No RadioShack in my town has 15 iphones on hand(usually 3-6) but every employee wants that 500$ish commission, they'll say they need to call around to see how many are in town.   When they say how many there are find out how many of what sizes are at each store and then claim that sadly, the best store for your location is the other one.

THE SCAM part two - Now simply show up at that first RadioShack in work attire 35 minutes later and be panicked about how this crazy angry guy just showed up at your store while you were finishing training and your co worker started talking him up when he yelled he had just called and he needs all the iphones in town activated tonight.  Go off about how awesome it is that your co worker was willing to split all the commission if you'd help him get them all programmed and set up in time but bemoan what a complete dick the customer is.  They should be completely caught up in your joyful drama but if not they'll ask a few questions...
1:Who are you?  I just got hired for spring by *that manager*, he's so *trait of that manager*, second day on the job and I get this giant sale!  
2:Where's the ICST?  It's common courtesy for the receiving store to write up the ICST since they're getting the profit but mistakes happen.  Just say your co worker was supposed to write it up and ask if they can write it up real quick(it's like five keys and a sku so very little effort).
They'll print it off, you sign it and take the swag off to your car and drive away a much richer man.

Example talk, spice with smiles and eye twinkles as needed-
"Hey, I'm Chris and just got hired by John to work nights with Bryan over at 6543, has his nose grown over the years or was it always that big?  His poor mother, imagine pushing that beak out, I guess it helps him smell were the other hippies are...  Sorry I'm really excited, second night doing sales and I'm getting half of a 13 iphone ticket due to some idiots with a pool...  Oh, they called here earlier?  Thanks for pointing them towards us, Bryan and I will order you pizza on payday to share some of the love.  Are they ready?  We're in a massive hurry so we don't have to stay late or spend too much time with that hellish angry old guy.  The ICST should of been for everything, 2 32s, 3 16s and your 64gb.  Whaddya mean he didn't fax it over?  How does having a big nose and a pony tail let Bryan be so lazy?  Damnit, we're running out of time to program them!  Can you print it out real quick and I'll just throw down a John Hancock on it?  I'll add cheesey bread to the pizza order coming your way...  You know how Bryan is, probably learned it from John the lazy devil.  Shit, and I still have to hit 5632 to grab four units from Abby, not to rush you but your printer sucks.  We store-used a laser printer at 6543 you should do tha... it's printed?  Awesome, thanks again and I'll call you two on payday to find out what kind of pizza you want."

I only use this once a year at each local RadioShack without cameras but have been doing it for four years now and never had a problem in eight tries.  I also used this in a random Nevada town on the fly while road tripping two years ago to get 3 grand in an afternoon when two out of three cars totally died on the way to a Rainbow Gathering.  Be careful with it and be mindful of cameras but it's an awesome trick.  Once you learn other companies transfer procedures life gets even cheaper :D

And if anyone does this in Colorado, Arkansas, Wyoming, or Minnesota message me first and I'll let you know which towns already have someone doing it.
