Alright so I saw the TV method that was posted..
So to make it even easier for you guys.. I'm going to post this method which is even easier than the other one...
It doesn't require you to send anything in... 

Things you will need:
- Serial Number (under warranty.. sometimes they don't even bother to check..)
- Model
- Giftcard with at least $10 (just in case some company's charge more than $1 some don't even charge you shit)
- Receipt (90% of the time they don't ask for one)
- Skype/E-mail/Phone (w/e you wanna use)
- A fucking brain
- At least some SEing skills...

So lets begin... 
Choose whatever TV you wanna SE.. I went with a 32" you can choose whatever size you want..
Next you wanna call the company.. tell them that the the TV wont turn on... they will transfer you with a tech...
 He/She is gonna tell you to follow some troubleshooting steps..
just make some noises on the background and tell them that is not working...
They will tell you to send the TV back blah blah blah and that they will replace it for you...
Tell them that you cant send the TV back because you're going on a trip with your family soon... and you can't wait that long..
(Remember!! you have the right to ask for advance replacement!!) ask if there's another way that they can help you out...
They might offer you advance replacement.. if they do.. accept it and give them the giftcard information... if they don't offer you advance replacement ask for it.. most company's have this service... then just give them the giftcard information and you're all done..

Now just wait for your TV to arrive at your house/drop whatever you decided to use....

Now they will ask you to send the defective product back to them...
Just tell them that you went out and when you got back home the TV wasn't there anymore..
and that you asked your wife what happened and she told you that she threw it out....
tell them that you went out to look for it but couldn't find it anywhere..
(ALWAYS MAKE YOUR OWN STORY.. DON'T JUST COPY/PASTE THIS ONE)

Enjoy your TV :D
