This is not my method it was taken from Hackcanada.com. To view it on the original site, visit here: http://www.hackcanada.com/canadian/scams/pizzapizza.txt

Well first decide what you would like to order or if you don't know what you would like to order just consult their menu on the telephone ordering system or online at pizzapizza.ca. Once you have decided on your items you have to choose the store where your order is going to be sent and where you are going to go to pick it up at. The hack has a 100% success rate if you live in a bigger city with many pizza pizza locations but it has worked in small towns too. The key to choosing the locations is to find a street with a few pizza pizza locations on it and the further away from eachother the better. The hack begins... call up pizza pizza (416-967-1111 for Toronto or *1111 on your rogers cell phone) and press 0 for an order taker. Once the person answers s/he will ask you for your telephone # (and sometimes your name but you can use a fake one like joe or something) and if you would like pick up or delivery, you want pick up as this is the only way this hack will work unfortunately. The order taker will then ask which store you would like to pick it up at, to which you would say something like "umm i just moved here so i'm not too sure but i'm by this street in whatever city" and the order taker will look up that street and start listing off locations for you (remember the store you chose eariler for the store the order gets sent to and not the actual location of where you are going to go to pick it up) and when you hear the store you selected say i think that's the one. Be as vague as possible!!! Once you have done that she will ask you what you would like to order, give your order and she will then respond with your total and will tell you the time and that your order will be ready at whatever location in 20 mins or it's free. Now you will wait for 20 mins and go to the location where you want to get your pizza from and tell the staff that you are there to pick your order up, they will ask you for your telephone number and name, give it to them and they will tell you that your order isn't there (obviously because its at the other location you chose to send it to) but don't allude to the fact that you know it isn't. Some stores will be nice and call customer service for you but if they are busy you will have to call yourself by following the steps earlier, but when the order taker comes on ask for customer service and you will get transferred. Once custy service answers they will ask you for your telephone # and what the problem is. Tell them you ordered pizza and it's not at the store you ordered it to. They will apologize to you and see what happened and probably ask you what store you're at, tell them to hold on and ask the people at the store what store you're at and make sure you ask loud enough for the person on the phone to hear. When the store tells what store, you go back on the phone and say "umm the store tells me i'm at such and such a location" the agent will then say "i'm so sorry we will send it there and it will be free of charge", BUT sometimes they will ask you to go to the other location, to which you will ask the store again where that store is and they will be like "thats far man!!" so go back to the phone and be like "um i walked here so no" and they will then send it to the store you're at! Now you have to wait another 20 mins and you will have your free food. If you choose to do this often choose different stores every time cause eventually they will catch on to you and you won't get anything. Good luck and enjoy your pizza!
