Hello again, some of you may have read my post on Cat Food; this one is a little different and you do actually get something for nothing.

So lets say you own a fish tank, you want some more fish; for this example i'm going to go and SE myself 3 Cardinal Tetras for my hypothetical tropical fish tank.

Find out where your nearest Pets at Home store is, find out where the next closest one to that is and give them a call. Ask them if they have cardinal tetras, they will say yes or no (50/50 chance) if they say no, 10 points to griffindor, if they say yes - it's good to know.

 Put some tap water in a sandwich bag (about 30-40ml) and get on your way to the store closest to you.

When you arrive, walk directly to the fish department and find a fish man. Greet this fish man, make this fish man your friend; you want this fish man to like you.

This method is best done either at lunch time rush hour, where the staff are too busy to communicate to eachother or between 5 and 8pm where the odds that someone who was in at 8am is still knocking about are fairly slim.

The Convo:

Start off with asking him if he's free, even if he's working his ass off scrubbing fish shit off the bottom of the tank he will reply with "Not at all sir, how may I help?"

If the shop you rang first is out of Cardinal Tetras:

Explain that you went to that shop earlier, dead fish in hand wanting a replacement; they said they could put the dead bodies in their freezer for you but you'd have to go to this shop to get your replacements. Initiate a water test by yourself by saying "Before I get my replacement would you mind testing my water for me? Sorry to be a pain, I just want to make sure it wasn't my fault."

 They will test your tap water, and funnily enough their chemical test kit will show that there is no waste - which will mean that your tank qualifies for more fish. If they ask, you threw away your docket (white piece of paper they give you with fish, seperate from a recipt) because the person who served you got it all wet and soggy; but the person you spoke to this morning (the same person) said as long as you bring a sample of water you could get a replacement. You don't have to remember their name. (If for some reason they don't like you and say you shouldn't have thrown it away, say when you were writing your phone number and stuff on the docket the person who served you said nevermind about that, it doesn't matter anyway; just sign it.)

Walk away with your fish & new docket allowing you to get replacements again from another store (or the same one, on a different day) by walking in with your docket and saying that your fish were looking ill before you went to bed but were nowhere to be seen when you woke up, take a sample of your tank water if you know it's ok or tap water. Say you suspect your shrimp ate them after they died. They will replace the fish for you without question.

If the shop you rang isn't out of Cardinal Tetras:

Rock up with your bag of water, find the assistant and explain that your fish died last night, one day after purchase from the store you rang thismorning; you don't have your recipt because the machine was out of till roll and you were told it didn't matter, you don't have your docket because it was so soggy after you were given it that it was illedgible anyway so you deemed it useless and chucked it; fish never die in your tank and you didn't expect it. You don't have the fish bodies because you can't find them, you suspect your shrimp ate the fish after they had died. They will test your water, and replace your fish.

This method will work for all cold water/tropical fish. Don't use it on marine fish, they are careful with them.

The reason this is so easy, is that all returns of fish are completely at the discression of the person serving you. The cold water/tropical fish cost them nothing, they are purely there so that you will buy food, fish tanks, gravel, ornaments, plants, insert list of addon sales here..

So as long as you can be nice to the attendant, you won't have any troubles. I do this method once a week for my friends tropical fish tank, it's pretty funky if that's what you're into.
