Hey Astro, 
btw this is my first thread in VIP, if you find this helpful please uh gimme a vouch. I already applied. :)
Application form is here http://astropid.com/forums/showthread.php?21819-milleung-VIP-Application

Okay, so my friend's thread over here http://astropid.com/forums/showthread.php?22023-League-of-Legends&p=212940#post212940
pretty much directly leads to here. He's babyattacker . We started doing this not too long ago and we've probably "earned/saved" over $250 US EACH TIME. 

LGI: First, you know those games that you usually have to buy like a card for at the like 7-11?  For example:
League of Legends- Riot Points
Maplestory- Karma Koins
Well a lot of them have many different payment options inlcuding paypal, visa, the card codes ofc and mobile payment. We will be working with the mobile payment. 

Get someone at home in front of a computer who is logged on the whatever game or service you are doing and get the other person at "Future Shop" (Canada electronics chain), "Best Buy" or any mobile carrier store. They will usually be one or two phones that have live demos of them (meaning not a dummy phone). Make sure these phones have service and have SIM cards (doesn't necessarily need to be GSM, just that you need service). Find out the phone number of these phones either by going into contacts for iPhones or Settings>About Phone>Status>Phone Number for Android, or you can just call your phone with it. 

Next tell the phone number to your friend at home, and set up the mobile payment. They will usually send a text to the phone and you need to follow the on-screen instructions. Usually type "YES" then tell the following PIN codes to your friend as well and you should have received the in-game currency, items etc. 

TIP: Before you go and be like 'NIGGA SHIIITTTT, APPLE STORE WOULD BE RP GALORE!!!!!" that shit be patched already :(
None of their phones have service anymore=can't receive texts.
I only know for Canada and certain stores in US cause we tried, but if your local Apple store have sim cards in them and have service, you better rape that shit quick, cuz it ain't goin to be here for long. 

NEXT TIP: Depending on the mobile carrier of the phone, they say they have a certain limit on their bill each month. For example, the ones I did, had a limit of $100. So you go past $100 until the next month. lol

NEXT TIP: There are a lot of phones that have reached their limit already, so clearly certain people know bout this stuff, SO RUUUUNNNN  AND DO IT NOW!!! 

And ofc act casual wear headsets and pretend to be examining the phone and its features, turn off the ringer cause you don't wanna look to suspicioso. I also delete the message thread before I switch. 

I don't know the extent of this method as I haven't tried every single thing that allows mobile payment, but if you do know please post. 

This does work! Tried it today!
Please leave a thanks.
