Hey everyone. I'm going to keep this short and snappy. There's nothing to this method, it really is simple and will get you £300+ straight into your bank.

This method does not take advantage of companies in any shape or form. You are scamming an individual. Some people don't like doing that, others do. It's just a case of where your morals lie. Please refrain from posting how you think this is a scumbag thing to do, it is. You don't need to be a dick about it.

You will most likely never be caught when doing this method (it can be repeated). Even if in an event where you were caught, you would not be charged. It is a civil matter. 

Get a burner phone first and foremost if you have too. It saves an embarrassing moment when you come to use your phone and the person you've scammed still has your number and you're trying to use kik or whatsapp.

Go to craigslist/Gumtree and make an advert for an Apple product at a really good bargain price. iPhone, iPad, Apple TV. It doesn't matter, it sells fast and blows your phone up with calls/texts (which is what we're aiming for). It could even be for a macbook if you really have the balls. Make the advert look like a real product. Not just a stock image of the item. Grab a screenshot from an un-boxing video on youtube if you have too. 

Wait 2 days for your phone to get a lot of messages. 

Once the 2 days are up. You will want to mass message everyone on your phone with this basic idea:
Hey! Sorry I didn't get back to you. I've been traveling to see my mum in hospital, pretty last minute. Are you still interested in ____? 

Let them respond. Go back and forth with them and tell them that you aren't in the location of what your advert says anymore. An example. I set my location as the south of england in London. I had to travel all the way to Glasgow. It's not a simple case of just nipping back or them coming round to pick it up. But the fact that the price of the item is extremely low, the money bags will still be singing in their eyes. You will need to convince them that you wont be back home for at least a few weeks. Tell them your sorry. Wait a few minutes and then send them another message stating that you've had a good idea. You can pop it in the post, first class recorded and tracked and it'll be with them the very next day. You get a receipt and everything for it and they can track it themselves. They'll ask how to pay for it. Say a bank transfer should be great. Don't be too fucking obvious about it. And don't take paypal or anything like that. SE your way around it.

Once you have the bank transfer. Fuck em.

tl;dr. Make advert on gumtree/craigslist, get bank transfer, fuck em.


Sorry it's so badly written but the basic idea is there. If anyone wants to clean it up, be my guest.
Any questions feel free to ask below.
