Difficulty: 8/10
Reward: $4.00 - $600
Product Quality: Fantastic
Cons: Temporary gas produced.
Extra Cons: Farting may occur.

1. First off were going to have to search for a way to contact Heinz, I searched around for a few hours and managed to find there website, and after a solid 30 minutes searching on there I managed to find the contact page, which is located here: http://www.heinz.co.uk/contactus/talktous and now a little backstory on heinz, they make really good beans and taste pretty nice. They come in cans, which is why they probably wont replace, but maybe someone can bulk Heinz which will be cool.

2. Now were going to want to email Heinz, a good email would be something along the lines of, 
"Dear Sir/Madam,

I purchased some Heinz Beans from my local grocery store and when I was eating them they tasted really bad. I am not happy but to further add to this, when I went to the toilet I had really bad shits. It was so bad I had to like tuck up because of the excruating pain during these shits. I eventually got my iPad and was using that but the pain came back I unluckily dropped my iPad, it was also now covered in shits. The problem was I couldn't retrieve it as when I stood up, some shits were dripping down my leg. So I must stay seated, and while so more shits were coming out, it was now covering my iPad. I thought I had converted my iPad into an iPod because it was so small when it was hidden in my mountain of shits. Please I am looking for some com-ben-sation for my troubles. I can send you picture if you need, but my toilet is not yet cleaning. Here I have picture: http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRrGPzomkbjX1fDjQmj088XPLQxQiER3Kq9JjqKA9L61bzSYBGozQ

As you can see my shits were very bad, and completely hiding the iBad. Please if you could help with some com-ben-sation I would be very happy.

Thanks you.

Josh"


3. You should now get a reply along the lines of, "Please send us your receipt for your iPad"

4. You should then make a false amazon receipt, and continue to send this.

5. Receive Cheque in mail.

6. Feel like your balling.



If you succeed (very hard) please let me know here.
