Not too long ago I posted an article about cash-backs which you can still find in the 'SEing Techniques' sub-section. I've been having a few messages about which companies to do and how exactly to go about doing them so I thought I'd make this thread to clear things up. I am going to be using HP as an example, as they are (in my unbiased opinion) the easiest cash-back for beginners - however, this same 'method' applies to most other cash-back schemes such as Canon etc.

First things first, you'll want to head over to the HP cash-back page. You'll notice that there are a wide variety of products, and that each product has a different cash-back value. Now, make a note of all the products that participate in HP's cash-back scheme on notepad etc.

Head over to adhuntr (searches craigslist in all states) and eBay, and look up the first product on your list. You'll most likely find a few listings. Now you'll want to email each seller asking them for the serial number of the item as this is required to validate the HP cash-back claim. Repeat this with all the products on your list.

Leave it a few days, and you should have dozens of serials at your fingertips. Here's the next job. Use AstroProof to generate yourself an Amazon receipt, and do this for every product that you have a serial for. I know, it seems like a lot of work and I'm sorry about that! Don't worry, it's basically the last step.

You should now have your Amazon receipts, and your serial numbers. Now, all you need to do is submit the claim. Simply input your bank transfer details, add a screenshot of each receipt and input each and every product with a matching serial and you're good to go.

Wait for an email from HP (usually takes no more than a week or two) and they should say that your cash-back has been approved and they are going to directly deposit the funds into your bank account (which you provided when making the claim). 

You've just made probably a couple of hundred-pounds without even having to talk to anybody. Now that you've got a gist on how to submit cash-backs, move onto other cash-back offers. You can easily find these by typing in google: "cash-back offers 2013".

This is an excellent way to make money on the side with very little effort. I personally recommend everyone to try taking advantage of a cash-back at least once, as there's nothing better than receiving cold cash instead of having to sell your illicit products on eBay etc.
