This is a pretty unique method that I discovered myself. Methods often work well in 'reverse', and I decided to test that hypothesis. 

 @socialretard recently posted a method on how to claim lost phones in nightclubs and what-not, and I decided to put this method in reverse. Let me explain. I decided to become the person with the lost phone, and social engineer fellow social engineers. People often offer rewards (usually cash rewards) if you find there lost items. Do you see what I'm getting at here?

By pretending to be the person who had stumbled upon an iPhone 5, I was able to reap the rewards that someone would be prepared to give to get this phone. The best thing about this method is that you're not tricking someone who's really lost their phone, but instead someone who is trying to claim a phone that isn't even theirs. 

Gumtree, Craigslist and many other popular ad-sites have a section for Lost & Found items. Write up a listing saying you've found an iPhone 5 and describe it randomly to make sure you're not tricking someone who perhaps has actually lost their phone. I wrote that I've found a black iPhone 5 in Starbucks (address) with the engraving 'Have fun on your trip!' And that I am looking for the owner. This ensures the only people messaging you about this phone are scammers / social engineers who are trying to steal the phone, as you (in my opinion) should never trick an innocent individual.

Within a few hours, I had received a dozen replies from people claiming this was their phone. Now, some people will offer you a reward in their original email, as if their smart, they'll know that many others are going to try the same thing as them and they want to win you over. For example, this is a message that one person sent me:

    
Yes, that is my iphone 5, a friend saw this ad posted on here and referred it to me as they were casually browsing on community. 

left my iphone in starbucks, oxford st that afternoon... 

I actually came back and asked them for it but they said nothing was found :( 

My name is  and my address is : 

You are really kind for picking it up, once send it to me and give me a tracking number I will reimburse your postage costs as well as sending you £100 for being a good citizen!

As you can see, this person was happy to offer me one-hundred pounds upon tracking number if I send them this phone. The idea is to box them with a slow mail service just as you would with Apple per say, and as soon as you give them that tracking number they will send you your reward. By the time they get the empty box, it's too late and they've already given you the money.

I got at least twenty emails within a few hours after posting this. If just half of those people agreed to send me one-hundred pounds upon tracking as a reward, I'd make £1,000 with ease just by shipping those 10 packages at once. Simply move onto a different city / state after you've done yours, and you're good to go. It's a highly profitable scheme if done correctly. You can possibly extend this method and say you've found a MacBook etc, and go for a bigger reward.

I've already got quite a few people just from today, and I'm going to be sending the packages to their addresses tomorrow to personally test this method. Meanwhile, I wanted to share it with AstroPID so they could put it to good use too.
