Serials are usually a very necessary item when it comes to social engineering a product for a replacement, refund or whatever you may be aiming for. The common method to getting serials is by messaging sellers on ad sites like craigslist and eBay, however, seller's are often suspicious about giving away serials and they may turn you down, or, they may have already given their serials to other social engineers who got to them first - completely ruining your SE if you end up putting the serial to use and the company finds someone's already used that serial.

I'll be sharing a personal method to getting serials for some products which has worked for me quite a few times. Since no-one else (as far as I know) uses this method, I can often use the serials I discover without bearing the worry that the serial has been used. I came up with this idea when I was trying to social engineer a MFLB vaporizer, and as I was struggling to find a serial: I got a notification on my iPhone that someone 'liked' one of my photos on Instagram. Interested to see who it was, I opened up the application, and that's when the idea hit me. 

People on Instagram often use a hashtag, similar to Twitter to tag the picture therefore making it show up in search results when people search your chosen hashtag. The MFLB was quite a popular product, and something that people would often want to 'brag' about getting, just like people post pictures of their most recent pick-up etc. I went ahead and searched up #magicflightlaunchbox  on statigr.am and I knew I'd hit the jackpot.

Just on the first page, I saw 5 clear serials in front of me. Flicking through pages, I was seeing tons of serials. I realised I'd stumbled upon a pretty unique way to obtain serials, and that led me to share it with you guys. Keep in mind this will only work for some products - as people aren't going to actually take apart their keyboard per say, just to take a picture of the serial. However, for products that have the serial number clearly visible on the product itself, this saves you a lot of time and you don't need to type any stupid messages to eBay sellers.

Another tip, when you find your serial picture but it has been filtered using one of Instagram's many effects, you can easily unfilter the picture using an app such as Normalize to take back the natural look of the photo - thus making your picture proof (if needed to send) look a lot more legitimate. I hope you enjoyed this little tip / tutorial on obtaining serials.

P.S: please leave your feedback on what you thought of this guide, as I like to know that people are appreciating my guides rather than just using them without giving any thanks. Sorry for the long wall of text, but I couldn't think of a way to make this tutorial particularly 'eye-catching'.

- Hendrix.
