Dom Perignon / Moët are types of 'luxury' champagne. They come at a price however, and as social engineers, our purpose is to avoid paying that price and obtain the item for free. This social engineer is notoriously easy to accomplish and I'd recommend it as a beginner first-time as it requires very little skill and almost no experience to successfully complete.

First things first, you'll want to choose what champagne you'd like. I'd recommend Dom Perignon over Moët, as they're considerably more expensive - they're also a very recognised name and make great gifts. I'd recommend the Vintage 2003 1.5L type as it's quite expensive and tastes pretty good; it will also come in a product display box which is great especially if you plan on gifting it to someone else.

Next, head over to their website and click 'Yes, I'm over 18', (otherwise you'll be redirected to some drinking awareness website), and then choose 'Contact Us' at the bottom of the page. In the form, just fill out your title, email, full name and country; then choose 'Quality & Claims Issues' as the subject.

Now compose your message. Just write how you purchased one of their champagnes (list the type, of course) and that it wasn't up to it's usual standard. I've listed an example below:

Dear Dom Perignon,

On 20/07/2013 I placed an order for a Dom Perignon 2003 Magnum (1.5 ltr) with a display-box and received it on 24/07/2013.
 
I have discovered that the bottle has the following problem: I have bought several of these exact bottles in the past, and they have all been absolutely sumptuous. However, this most recent bottle was extremely bitter (it usually has a pleasant bitter taste, but this was way-off the scale), and tasted almost chemical-like. I smelt the champagne and it smelt pretty sour too, and didn't smell at all like the usual bottles. I'm really disappointed in Dom Perignon because I've been drinking your champagne for over 15 years and this is the first time I've come across such an awful bottle &#8211; I hope I won't have to change to a different brand. 

The Sale of Goods Act 1979 makes it an implied term of the contract that goods be as described, of satisfactory quality and fit for purpose. As you are in breach of contract I am entitled to have the bottle replaced and I would request that you confirm that you will do this within the next seven days. I look forward to receiving your satisfactory proposals for settlement of my claim within seven days of the date of this letter. 

Best Regards,
Hendrix.

They'll respond asking you if you happened to of kept the bottle/cork which will allow their quality control to investigate and determine the exact defect of the bottle - simply tell them you threw it away as not you nor anyone else in your household was going to drink it. They'll then most likely reply trying to fob you off like:

Dear Hendrix, 

Thanks for your quick response. 

Please note that, generally speaking, we never reimburse this type of bottle and that, without elements to be analyzed, we are not in a position to proceed to the replacement of the bottle. 

Accounting on your comprehension and remaining at your disposal for any further information.

Now email them back, rage a little and mention you have a receipt for your purchase. They'll ask for that, and use AstroProof to generate an Amazon receipt and send it back to them. They'll then say:

Dear Hendrix,
 
Thanks for your message and the here-enclosed receipt. 

In order to send you one replacement magnum, could you please let me know your exact address as well as your phone number? 

Kind Regards.

Simply send them your address and phone number, and wait for the bottle to arrive. If you're in the UK, you may get a call from the english subsidiary confirming the replacement and ensuring you will be there to accept the delivery (you will have to sign for it). Enjoy your champagne!
