A lot of people have asked me how I got my Z906's from Logitech since they are so hard now.
Well the fact still remains that they are one of the easiest company's to SE, sure they may not be the same as they used to be and give away speakers and mice like a nigger does A.I.D.S but its still easy let me show you how.


Your in the VIP section now so I expect you know how to at least start an SE and what to gather.

Go to live chat and start talking to your rep about how your speaker system is crackling and its really irritating because you have to go wiggle the cords around at the back a lot to even get a decent sound. He will run you through some trouble shooting steps as always, but surprise none of them worked.

At this point he will tell you it needs to be sent in for repair and in order to process that he needs to have a copy of your P.O.P.
So go ask my mate Navvins up for a P.O.P or use  astroproof at your own risk.


He will go ahead and verify it if you have made the P.O.P correctly and run you through how he want you to send the speakers back first.

This is where you turn around and give him your heartfelt story how, your a single dad at 22 years of age trying to make his way as a small time Music artist and you need the speakers as they are partially working and they are basically your source of income and without them you cant afford to buy your daughter food. The rep will either do one of two things. 80% he will just tell you about procedure and such forth and how you can basically get fucked, you still need to send them in first and 20% chance he will there and then on the spot authorize a advanced replacement.

If it was the first, don't get pissed off just keep stating your point and lathering it on thick. Tell them that you trusted their products and when they stopped working you thought that they would help you out and that you don't think Logitech is a friendly company at all and just another massive company bully pushing around the little man.

None of this story is actually going to make any difference what so ever to the live chat operator, he will basically just stick to his, you need to return it first story. This is where you ask to speak to a manager and he will either ask for your phone number or give you one if you ask for it. Leave the chat after saying goodbye and make sure you get a transcript emailed to you.

Then go ahead and call the supervisor and then firstly complain about how the live chat rep made you feel like you were a number and just having pre typed comments directed towards you with no circumstantial consideration taken.

He will apologize and ask some generic questions about what happened, just explain and refer him to your chat logs.

Then basically give the same story to him as you gave to the live chat rep and really lay it on think, he will either say yes okay ill send you a new one first as a one time exception OR try talk his way out of it.

If he talks his way out of it simply go ahead threaten to tell the BBB about this situation and that your very upset etc etc.

He will now 100% give you your speaker set.

Send it to a drop, if he asks for a CC as collateral, give him a VCC.

then sit back and wait for your brand new speakers :).


Hope this clears things up about Logitech,

Viral Impact.
