So I've been trying to get some of my favorite peoples on here to do this for a while, it makes getting high end electronics a cake walk and gives you a legitimate steady income.

Become a computer tech!  Ever seen what a geeksquad member does when they show up at your house?  He just googles the issue and follows step by step instructions online to fix the problem, and they do it for 120$ a fucking hour!  Savagery, I'll do that for 60$ an hour!  And if you're ever really hungover or lost, just say the magic phrase "I need to take this back to my workshop where I have better tools" and you have two days to figure it out(plus 300$ if you bill them for 5 hours a day).

With around 10 hours a week of work I make more than twice what my friends working at best buy do working 40 hours.  I don't have any credentials, I started at 14(so age is moot) with just flyers and business cards and learned as I went.  People really like paying 50% to a local kid instead of a shitload to a giant evil corporation.

A few years ago though I realized that small businesses do bulk orders of awesome tech when they get successful and you can get those receipts/invoices whenever you're working on their computers.

Ever tried doing a Dell replacement when it was bought through dell.com, has an awesome warranty, hasn't had it's tag transferred, and it being shipped to the same town it was originally shipped to?  You call, say it won't turn on, point out your boss said it had an awesome warranty, and they overnight you a new one since everything looks 100% legit.  That's fucking easy!  And all you need is access to that dell.com account, which is in the small business owners email ;)

Once they like you they'll even let you know that they just ordered 30 iphones(or 20 laptops, or whatever) for all their employees to make sure you can work on them if there's issues, so all you have to do is kill their router remotely and they'll call you in where you can get their 3 day old iphone invoice from apple.com for said 30 iphones.  Now just call Apple and rage about how you're the tech manager for the guy who ordered them and of the 30 phones 18 have various issues, get 18 iphones and go see Argentina.  It's so gorgeous there...

If you want something specific you can even recommend they order what you want. "You know with better video cards you could run a triple monitor set up at your terminals and increase your productivity", then "commandeer" the receipt/invoice details for 30 state of the art video cards.

When you have truly untampered invoices and serials you can get away with anything since everything looks so legit that they never even think it's a SE.  Computer teching is the easiest way I've found to get these legit bulk order details quickly but feel free to shoot me your ideas, I'm always looking to diversify!
