This will be saturated soon. I posted it in the contributor section but oh well you guys are going to leak it anyways so here it is.


Just found out how to get here ;) anyways won't be here long. Posting some methods and when the usergroups things gets fixed you can just leave them here. I just don't want these leaked please. 

I have done this method twice to the same house using Unit# and miss spelling stuff so i think you can do it too. 

The company we are sein'g will be Matias located here : http://matias.ca/

Prerequesites none as i know of. 

Step 1 . Go to the product page and look for one you want (I haven't tried the $600 one and wouldn't recommend doing it. It's a waste of money anyways) It is located here: http://matias.ca/products/.

I DO NOT RECOMMEND DOING THE CASE. IF YOU SAY ANYTHING ABOUT THEM BREAKING HELL WILL GO LOOSE. THEY SAY THAT THEY HAVE NEVER GOTTEN A REPORT OF IT BEING FAULTY BEFORE AND BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN. 

Step 2. Go the support page (http://matias.ca/contact/) and contact them via email or phone. Their email is support@matias.ca

Step 3. Think of an excuse to why it would be broken this was mine

I recently bought a keyboard from amazon just because of how
manouvarable i thought it would be but it turned out to not be worth
the money. The spacebar sometimes is not responsive and i have to
press it really hard for it to work. I want a refund/replacement but
amazon said it was past 30 days so they told me to contact you here.
If i can send in the keyboard to be fixed it would be good too as long
as i could get something like a $5 keyboard from you guys while this
one is being fixed as i use it for my computer.

Step 4 you should receive a email like this 

Dear James,
Thanks for your email alerting me to the issues with your keyboard.
Please email me a copy of your Amazon receipt along with your address and
I will replace free of charge as long as the purchase was within 1 year.
Regards,
Barbara

You should obviously send back a email with the receipt with the amazon receipt generator located in the downloads section. 
I recommend you just copy the stuff here
http://www.amazon.com/Global-Marketing-Partners-FK205-Keyboard/dp/B000UZVL3K/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1331374948&sr=8-2
The thing is it doesn't actually state the type of keyboard (it just says "Matias Folding Keyboard"
from amazon e.g folding for mac or pc soooo they ask you this

Hi James,
Thanks for the proof of purchase.
The receipt indcates Folding Keyboard but not which one. Can you please
advise the part number from the bar code sticker on the back of the
keyboard? Should start FK...

Thanks,

To find the number go to Matias.ca again and go to the products page http://matias.ca/products/ and then go to the product page of the item you want (For me it was the wireless one for PC and iphone ect.), click on the name/picture then pick the one you want scroll down and you should see this 

891

Pick the one starting with FK obviously and then just tell them that.

I got the response with
Hello James,

Sorry for the delay.
The person you were talking to (Barbara) is on vacation.
However, before she left on vacation, she requested that a replacement
FK305 be sent to you directly from our Taiwan office.

The last update I received was that the replacement keyboard should be on
its way tomorrow via EMS mail from Taiwan to Australia

Best Regards,
Steve
from Matias Customer Service


Thats it wait for it to ship and you'll be golden :D 

Will be providing support if you need me on skype it's James.linnnn

EDIT: Sorry for the small image it was a PNG. Cbf changing to JPEG but you can see it easily if you still can't find it just PM me for a link to the one you want.

EDIT 2: Even if Donators can see this i don't mind. There should also only be a small group of donators at this point so yea.
DON'T LEAK.
