Here's how I got two free iPhone 5s.


Go to the mall on a very busy day - the weekend perhaps and just browse around for a couple hours, and then leave.


Come back the next day and speak to mall security and tell them you lost your phone, be confident, and a little panicky. Make sure to not bring your phone on you. These guys maybe stupid, but they're not that stupid. They'll probably either see it in your pants or it will ring, luckily, mine was on vibrate and I was wearing a hoodie that covered my pockets. (What I'm saying is, don't do something incredibly stupid)


Anyways, answer all the questions they ask you. When they ask you to describe the phone, describe an iPhone (don't say what type )  or a generic Android phone. The reason I keep the terms broad is there are many different phones to choose from then, and you can get one that you like.


At my mall, there's hundreds of lost phones everyday.


When I went into the mall security "headquarters" they had a shit load of phones and I eyeballed for the phone I wanted (the iPhone 5) and I shouted, there's mine, but where's my wifes?! He looked around for another one like that, and he ended up finding another iPhone 5 in black. I then celebrated, and then gave the security guard a high five and got the fuck out of there.

I got two iPhone 5s, Black, 64GB (lucky me :p). 


They didn't make me sign shit, or verify anything.


Tips: Relax. Speak clearly, but act a little frustrated, panicked. Don't rush. Stay calm, but not too calm. Don't overact either. Act like you've legitimately lost your phone. Oh and when you get for example, an iPhone 5 - if they have find my iPhone on - delete that motherfucker. Then you want to go home and erase everything on it and proceed to use it or sell it. Also, don't forget to ditch the SIM on the way home, so bring a pin. Make sure your mall is big, and the only reason I ask you to go there a day before is just in case they check the tapes. 


If you manage to pull this off, congrats. You have successfully SEd in real life, now go take on the online world. It should be much easier for you to call companies, and close on the phone :). 


Thanks for reading! Enjoy! ;)
