Hi everyone,

I have an iPhone 4 since september 2010, and when there's a problem with it (even a little) like some little scratches on the screen or if the back is slightly scratched because of my keys in my pocket OR even nothing ahah, I'm used to replace it by a new one instantly with a new one (or a refurbished one, but that's the same since the hardware is checked and the back and front plate are replaced with new ones. But you'll have the new iPhone without the box and accessories) at the Apple Store. I replaced it like 10 times or so :p
This how to is really simple, but you'll have to be convincing according what you're going to say.

I ] Requirements
- An Apple product (SEd or bought). Note that this will not work with Macbooks, iMac, and other big things like those; only iPhone, iPod and iPad.
- One hand
- A brain
- Eyes (one at least)
- A computer

II ] Getting the appointment
If you live in the United States click HERE
If you live in UK click HERE
If you live in another country, search "genius bar appointment" + your country. Note that there are not Apple Stores everywhere.

1- So, you'll have something similar to this:
http://i.imm.io/s5HP.jpeg


2- Now select your state and a store, then click "Reserve"

3- On the next page, select "Genius Bar", then "Next":
http://i.imm.io/s5IO.jpeg

4- On the next page, select your device, then "Next":
http://i.imm.io/s5Ja.jpeg

5- Choose when you want to go, then click "Next" (it's written in French, but there's nothing to understand):
http://i.imm.io/s5Jz.jpeg

6- Then, you'll have to choose either to login with your iTunes account or to do it without login in by filling your name, etc.
http://i.imm.io/s5KV.jpeg

7- Your appointment will be confirmed:
http://i.imm.io/s5Lw.jpeg



III] At the Genius Bar @ Apple Store
1- Then, go to the Apple Store at the date you got appointment.

2- At the Apple Store I'm used to go, there's two floors, one for Macbook, iPhone, iPad, etc for testing products, and one for the Genius Bar and accessories. Go to that floor (of course :P).

3- Speak to a "Genius" and say that you've made an appointment for your iPhone/iPad/iPod.

4- Wait a bit and they're will be at you.

5- Describe your problem, or imagine one. Here's the SE part. 
There is a lot of problem to say. Whenever I go, I always say I have the same problem. Do not worry about "Geniuses" recognizing you, they're always changing their employees.
Be creative, imagine a problem that they can't verify.
Exemples:
 -> Edge/3G/4G problems at my home since the last update (assuming that you can't downgrade, officially)
 -> Touch screen not responsive sometimes (they will say that it is working properly, that's normal, simply say that it's not happening every time, and that is really a pain)
 -> Since the last update, phone calls don't work properly at your home. Say that you tried another SIM card but this is the same thing. Over all, say that it was working BEFORE the update.
 -> Battery problem. Be careful, because they have a tool to verify it ("Battery Status = Good")
 -> Say your legit problem. :p


If they say to you that is been 5 times you replaced your iPhone and you used the Cellular problem, simply say that it was the SIM card that was not working well (they will not verify if you're saying the truth or not).


That's is really simple, you have to be very convincing if they're starting to not let you replace it. Say that you're going to a school trip or something similar and that you need your device working properly.


PS: Note that when there's 1 month warranty left, you will have 90 days (3 months) more of warranty !

Good luck. :)


(sorry for english/grammar mistakes)
