Starbucks:

Call up 800-782-7282 (starbuck's number)

Say something such as "My co-worker made a coffee run today and brought back some starbucks. I was delighted because it is my favourite. However as I finished up my beverage I was horrified to see a curly black hair at the bottom of my cup! I was physically sick for the rest of the day, it was really disgusting."

They will ask for store details and such but its important not to give them any, pretend that you don't know which exact starbucks it was from or else they will direct you to the management at that specific starbucks. After complaining a little bit they will offer you a free coupon as compensation. This works with in-store beverages AS WELL as their pre-packaged coffee packages sold in super markets.

Jack Links Beef Jerky:

Hit up http://www.amazon.com and look up Jack Link's beef jerky. Once on the amazon sale's page ctrl + F to find the UPC code.

Once you have that go to http://www.jacklinks.com/ click "Contact Us" at the bottom of the page and choose "I have a product issue I'd like to tell you about"
Fill out all the necessary information including the UPC, you can leave the other number requests blank

Then proceed to make up a generic excuse as to why your beef jerky was unsatisfactory, i.e. you found a pube in your bag of beef jerky or there was animal hide/cartilage in your bag.
They will ship you out an apology letter and a few free coupons for beef jerky.




I'd list more but I only need to list these 2 as examples. You can derive from these 2 examples how to SE other food companies.


Some things to note:

- If SE'ing food from a chain of stores (ie. mcdonalds, starbucks etc) it is important to find a way in which you can claim ignorance as to which exact store it was purchased from. If you give the name of an exact store location, they will redirect you to the management there - however more often than not if you leave it ambiguous they are more likely to compensate you.
- Try to maintain a serious composure and come up with a reasonable excuse as most of these places get prank called 24/7
- If SE'ing prepackaged store products you can almost always find a UPC code or whatever on http://www.amazon.com
- Only rage if you need to, unnecessary rudeness is a common mistake made by several novice social engineers and really does not accomplish anything, if you are polite and understanding than the reps will be more inclined to want to help you. However there are certain situations that call for you to rage a little bit.
