Alright so im too lazzy to write a tut so here is a chat log :D
Log 1


Hello, my name is Corey. I'm a kindle specialist. I'll be happy to help you today.
Me:Hello, I own a kindle
Corey:How can I help you today?
Me:The battery on my kindle over the last two weeks has been messed up. Constant draining and 


now it refuses to turn on altogether.
Corey:I'm sorry to hear about the problem you're having with your kindle device. I 


understand that the battery is not holding its charge, Is that right?
Me:yes, and now it wont turn on at all.
Corey:Alright. Let me see what I can do.
May I have the name on your account?
Me:Bryan
Corey:Thank you. Your email address is mapleman14@Live.com, correct?
Me:yes
Corey:Can you hold for a minute or two while I research this for you?
Me:Sure :D
Corey:Thank you, please hold on while I research on this.
Have you tried charging your kindle fire using different wall sockets?
Me:Yes
Corey:How about charging the device using your computer via USB?
Me:Ive charged them all and it refuses to turn on now
Corey:I understand.
Me:yea..
Corey:When you try to charge the device, does the light even come on?
Me:sadly, No :(
Corey:I see.
Me:I think its broken
Corey:Are you using the USB cable that comes with the device when charging?
Me:Yea
and ive used different kindle chargers i have
and none of them seem to work
Corey:I see. One moment please.
Me:Alright
Corey:Lets reset the device one more time. Please hold the power button. I'll let you know 


when to release it, alright?
Me:alright holding
Corey:Please release it now then press it again.
Me:alright done
Corey:Is it restarting?
Me:Didnt seem to do anything
Corey:Where did you purchase the device?
Me:It was a gift
Corey:I see. Do you have the serial number with you?
Me:yea i do
Corey:Can I please have it?
Me:D01E A0A0 1453 1LD3
Corey:One moment.
Me:sure
Corey:Thanks.
May I please have the last four digits of your credit card together with the billing address? 


Its just for security reasons.
you no seeee
Corey:Billing and shipping address?
my address
same as the one on my account
Corey:Thanks. One moment please.
Me:kk
Corey:Hi, I've requested a replacement for your kindle device. You will receive an order 


confirmation e-mail in the next four hours to confirm the replacement. If more information is 


needed to create your replacement order, a member of our replacements team may call you.
Would there be anything elsE?



1. Add serial
2. Enter support
3. Initiate Robotic Chat Sequence with indian man
4. Lie and say your kindle is broken
5. Get replacement
6. Call and say you sent old one back
7. Fuck @Corey  in his butt
