Reccomend me to be an official AstroPID Mentor here!
Now for those of you who complained about my old method not working you're sadly mistaken

1. Get a serial (DUH)

I go on ebay and type in what I want "kindle fire HD" find sellers that have low feedback so like below 100! They are usually the personal sellers and don't do this for business. I contact them saying "Hey, I am very interested in taking that kindle off your hands today ;) I have a few concerns though! I would like to check with amazon to make sure it's not stolen, registered, or blacklisted. Can you provide the serial and if everything checks out I'll buy it today"

2. Hope that it is unregistered!
3. Now to get the device on your account. You can either do it in one chat as I demonstrated below or in two! In the method with two chats you are gonna just complain and act like an old bag that isnt too fond of electronics and needs help putting it on. In my one chat method I claim that I was troubleshooting myself and someone posted online that I should deregister and register it back but the device died before I could register it back.
4. The Excuse: I always go with battery issues as it doesn't bring up too many concerns about the dropping or wetting of the device. I go with "I have had my device for about two weeks and these past couple days it has been taking forever to charge and now refuses to turn on and charge! (Remember HD's have no status charging light)
5. Supply all yo shit (Address, card, etc..) and they will usually replace!


Tips
Say no everytime they ask if it works k? (common sense)
Gotta sell your story
When they ask who you got it from I go with a secret santa event somewhere as you'll notice in my chat
HOPE TO GO IT ISNT REGISTERED! 
k? bye.

You are now connected to Mark from Amazon.com.Mark Lester:Hello, my name is Mark. I'll be happy to help you today.
How are you doing today?

Me:Im alright and yourself?

Mark Lester:Great to hear that. Doing fine as well.
How may I help you today Randy?

Me:SO my kindle has been having alot of trouble charging and now it's to the point where it wont charge or turn on. I have used multiple chargers and tried to do the thing where you hard reset but both has had no effect.

Mark Lester:I'm sorry to hear that your having issue regarding on charging your Kindle device.
May I ask for the name on your account and Email address, please?

Me:Should be this one!
I was trying to fix myself and may have messed it up on my account

Mark Lester:For me to be able to check on the details of your device we will need the account Email and name on file for us to be able to check on this further for you.

Me:It would be on this account

Mark Lester:Please provide me the account Email and name on file, for me to be able to pullup your account.

Me: *PERSONAL*

Mark Lester:Thanks for providing me those information, please stay connected while I pullup your account.
Upon checking on your account information it shows that there is no Kindle device registered on the account.
May I ask on which account you have registered your device, please?

Me:It was on this one
but like i said I may have deregistered it trying to fix the problem

Mark Lester:Checking on E-mail: *PERSONAL* it shows no Kindle content order and no Kindle device registered on the account.

Me:and now that my kindle wont turn back on I cant put it back on my account

Mark Lester:Same result with deregistered device it shows no device that has been deregistered on the account yet.

Me:well thats unusual
how can we add it back?
should have been on here

Mark Lester:Will you be able to provide your Kindle device serial number?

Me:Im pretty sure I wrote it down
let me check my files
*SERIAL*

Mark Lester:Let me check.

Me:pretty sure i wrote it down correctly

Mark Lester:Checking on the details of your Kindle device it shows that it was purchase from a retail store, is that correct?

Me:I wouldnt know
I received it from a secret santa at a church party

Mark Lester:I see, have you tried asking who gifted the device, since you will need to contact the seller of the device to be able to inform them that the device you received wont charge.

Me:It charged fine for a while
and then started having problems
I dont think it was their fault when it was still in its original packaging

Mark Lester:I see, for how long you have kept your device connected to a power source to check?

Me:Ive had it on a charger non=stop it seems like
if it wasnt on a charger it would die pretty quick

Mark Lester:Does your device has sufficient charge right now?

Me:I had it for 2 weeks then this problem started happening now it wont turn on
yea it was chargin overnight
but the light wasnt on
so idk

Mark Lester:I see, to make sure you wont be able to turn on your Kindle device, correct?

Me:The light to the kindle like the screen wouldnt power on

Mark Lester:I see.

Me:Yea
any troubleshooting or fixes we can do?

Mark Lester:Just want to ask few questions. Was the Kindle ever dropped or exposed to any physical pressure that might have caused this issue? Any contact with other objects or liquids?

Me:Nope
none of those

Mark Lester:Thanks for providing me those information and regarding on this issue we will be registering your device back on your account and since your device is still under warranty the option that we can provide is to offer you a replacement for it since we do not have a repair center to fix your Kindle device.
Would that be fine with you Randy?

Me:Yea
perfect actually

Mark Lester:In order for us to proceed on processing the replacement request for your defective device we will to get information regarding on the card we will use for the replacement request.
Can you help me out with the last 4 digits of the card and expiration date as well as the delivery address that will be used for the replacement order, please?

Me:*PERSONAL INFO*

Mark Lester:Thanks for providing me those information, please stay connected while I process the replacement request for your Kindle device.
I'm sorry to keep you waiting. It'll just be a moment longer.

Me:Its fine

Mark Lester:Thanks for patiently waiting Randy, and I have successfully submitted the replacement request for your defective Kindle device and expect the replacement details to be sent to you within 24hours that will be sent to your Email.

Me:alrighty
Now i just wait?

Mark Lester:Yes, that is correct Randy, all details of the replacement order and on how to return the defective device will be on the Email that will be sent to you.

Me:alright
thanks mark
hope you have a good day

Mark Lester:You're welcome, it's my pleasure helping you. Would there be anything else I can assist you with today?

Me:Nope

Mark Lester:

Thanks for contacting Kindle support, have a great day. Please click on the end chat button to close our conversation. Goodbye :)
