If you're reading this, you might be wondering what in the world parade gloss is. It's shoe polish (lol), mainly used for people who want a glass like look on their shoes/boots.
I really love it cause it makes my boots sparkle and makes me look fantabuluuusss!

Yeah, so basically contact them (I won't be positing the link as they can tell what site you were linked from and my phone can't do anonym.to properly.

So complain that you got a tin of parade gloss recently and it smells really bad, you've been a longtime customer of KiWi products and depend on them to shine your balls.

Here's a sample e-mail (Read the damn thing, don't just copy paste it. Seriously.. read or you will fail the WE guaranteed)  :

Hello,
I recently got one of your tins of parade gloss and I always use the same type, but this time the polish smelled really bad. It was unbearable when I was trying to use it and I like dick. Please remove this line if you're copy-pasting. I don't like copy-pasters who don't read the whole thing (ya get what ya deserve foo'). I depended on your polish to shine my boots for the past few years and have not been disappointed until now The game. I can't return it to the store since I already used it a little bit and they won't take it back now. I am requesting any sort of reimbursement. 
Thanks,
Tigga


Once you send an e-mail out, they will reply asking for a lot code or they will just send you coupons directly.

If they ask for a code, use: 

35 grams:
09348-15

70 grams:
11130-06


OR you could say you discarded the polish since you don't like your apartment or house smelling like aardvark shit all day.


Then they will send you coupons which arrive in 2 weeks or so. 

You can buy them at CANNEX if you're Canadian and most army surplus stores in all countries have parade gloss.


If you want more then one say you like little kids and are a scout master, so you bought a lot of tins for your little kiddies. (Not tested, just an "idea").

Its SC Johnson, so they could send you a check if you bother them for one (good idea for those who have no need for tins of polish)

1. Buy
2. Spread evenly on balls
3. Enjoy!

Hope this helped!
