Method for Kong pet products. I got my kitty this cat tunnel :P

1. Go to their contact page. Their website is kongcompany.com

2. Email them saying your excuse. For cat tunnels, you can say you have 2 of them,and one of them is bad quality and gets holes all over it, even though your cat doesn't use his claws. You should be creative enough to think of something for other stuff :P

3. They will reply within a few days (I got mine within a day every time) with something like this.

Dear Mutasim,
Let me first say thank you for choosing KONG and writing to us with some feedback.  We take all consumer comments seriously and handle each one individually.  Customer care and quality are important to us.  We record and review all consumer comments on a regular basis.  We use details like yours to see how our products are doing out there in the real world.

I am sorry to hear that you and your cat didn’t have a great experience with the .  Our cat products do not come with a warranty like our rubber dog toys, however it sounds like there might have been something wrong with the  when you purchased it.  You did say that you had purchased two and one was good and the other had holes.  I would like to send you a one time replacement.  Please reply back to this email and include your mailing address.

If you should have a picture of the toy, showing the damage, we would like to have that for our review.  This will help us to possibly identify how it may have failed.  Should you have something like that available, please send it on to me when you get a moment.  Thank you in advance for the extra detail. 

Let me know if you have any further questions.  KONG has a variety of cat products that we hope you and your feline friend enjoy.  After all, cats need to play!

As a side note, feel free to join our “KONG Connect”, if you haven’t already, click on the link towards the bottom of this email and enter your information.  Get the KONG newsletter, birthday wishes for your pets, notifications, and special offers for new products.

Respectfully,


4. Reply with your mailing address and enjoy your cat/dog toy :P
