So a few months back I was browsing around Amazon and discovered this amazing looking Multi-tool made by Leatherman called the Skeletool CX. I decided to try and SE it and it worked on the first try! No drop is required.

Item : 
Leatherman Skeletool CX

Picture :
 1112

Needed : 
Amazon / Other Receipt (Not Sure if they check for Valid Order #)

How To SE it : 
1. The Skeletool CX has an issue that many people complained about: The Pliers are thin and some of them are very weak and breaks off.
Like this :
 1113

2. Basically you email their support : info@leatherman.com, and tell them about how you were using the pliers and one of the tips suddenly broke, etc.

3. They will ask for a receipt as Proof of Purchase and you give that to them. I basically used a VCC I used for a Kindle Fire SE and purchased one of these on Amazon. The order goes through but Amazon will have issues processing the payment, basically this allows you to have a legitimate invoice. Edit that invoice and send that to them.

4. They will then tell you that you are under the 25 year warranty and that in order for you to receive a replacement, you will have to send your broken one back. I'm sure there are many ways to avoid this and you guys are adept enough at this to come up with something. What I said was that I was very mad and disappointed when it suddenly broke and flew off that I stupidly threw it away without thinking. I said that I tried looking for it in the trash but it was gone. Then I went on about how I've always heard that Leatherman Tools were very reliable.

5. They replied and said that they would make a one time exception for me and that they would send me a Refurbished Skeletool CX upon me sending them my address.

6. Give them address, receive Skeletool CX, bring it with you everywhere, admire the sharpness of the blade, etc.

(IT HAS THIS AMAZING BOTTLE CAP OPENER. People are like "WOAHHH" when you bust this shit out and pop a cap off a beer.)

I've only done this once so... YMMV! Make sure to alter the method a little to avoid saturation.
