Fully revamped for vip.



Step 1, make one of these accounts :

Premium Current Account
Travel Reward Current Account
Family Reward Current Account



with each having a monthly fee, but you can exploit this further as long as you want, get extra information here.
http://www.santander-products.co.uk/accountchanges/


Second step:
Hit up ebay and buy a broken iPhone, most be in cosmetically good/decent condition.
16gb+(will explain later)

step 3:
call and insure and claim in the same call, due to the fact that its old and not been stolen you may insure and claim the device on the same call.

step 4:
call apple and ask for a cover letter for your insurance, you only need an imie number for this and it will be emailed to you in your name. (reason why we purchase apple device)

step 4:
insurance company will call you in a week saying that they have approved the claim; and they will need the phone sent to them, they will ship you a box and prepaid label.

in the same call they will tell you that due to the fact that the phone is old they can't repair or replace the device. (as they must replace with new, not refurbished)

Therefore they will have to issue you with a refund of the price of the closest available unit, being the iphone 5c, at the price of 469GBP.
minus 35GBP that they keep for excess cost.

they will send you box, send it back, a day or two call up ask if they got it, they will check and process the payment. 

Get money paid into account.




the reason why you want a 16gb or above if you were to do this with a 8gb iphone 3 the next upgrade would be iphone 4s 8gb, to know what to buy look at the apple website of what they still sell. They must match the GB of the phone model.



This is for uk/EU. Find a company similar in your country.


I do not condone the use of any of this material, this is just for example of how poor some policies can be.  to fix this they can request the phone be sent to them and have it repaired through apple which would cost them a 1/3 of the price.
