Hôla, 

I have had this method out here before bout a year ago. However it is one of my unique methods i deleted after some.. action between me and dopeland. So some of you Old members might remember it. I did this four weeks ago to check if it was still valid and it worked.

There will be two releases of this method at first, which may grow.

PM me why YOU should be the one lucky of those two getting it in the first round.

Keep it real, don't follow methods like slaves

Regards.

People who have sent:

HOW THE FUCK DO I MENTION

Devil
Groove1337
Sup&#1108;r Ma&#1103;io
xMarshyy
ravindu
cupidhunters
asdasd
Midna
socialretard
Paladin
Dragunov
BrEaDsTiCkBlAsT
BrainstormKush
ctueddie

Mad
And for the lulz Nitrix sent me this. Note this Sup&#1108;r Ma&#1103;io


I got this pm, referring to super marios thread.

"Hello super mario,


Congratulations on your 500 posts and your long run here on astro.I  always wanted to be a part of the family before but never got a chance  to register,and now that i am i too feel proud.


anyhow,i feel like i should (just like many others) get this method  becuase i dont hesitate to help anyone and or contrib every here and  there when i have spare dumps.I have not really posted any methods since  i dont have that much time on my hands latley to actually explore like  the good old days and find company's that are exploitable.Anyhow back in  december i tryed dell 3 times,1 resulting in them offering a refund or  shipping a used unit when they had one.the 2nd resulted in being  investigated by fraud department and i just ran from that case,and the  3rd they were going to give me a replacement but the computer was  registerd to a school.i tryed like 4 times to transfer the tag but in  there end it would not clear.anyhow i do happen to be in need of a new  computer,being that ive had this one for the past 10 years and all.would  really appreciate if you could consider me along with all the other  members that have messaged you.


i wont be just that guy from astro who you assisted in getting a new  computer,you will find a friend in me who wont hesitate to help in any  way he can (especially carding)




if you have made it all the way down here,thankyou for reading and considering me."

*Oh, and you should be able to read my horrible grammar.
