Serial Methods
Simply for those who has a hard time getting serials.


Method 1 (Youtube Method)
This is the method I go for first, when trying to find a serial. It's fairly easy, and doesn't require much skill at all.


If you decided to SE an Z906 for example simply Youtube search: ''YOUR PRODUCT Unboxing'' without the '' ''
Find a Video with HD quality.
I'm gonna use this video for example.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X77Y2ktEYuE


Simply watch him unbox the product and keep your eyes open for serials.
At 1:02 you can see that he's showing the backside of the Sub woofer. 
This shows the M/N & the P/N. And at 3:59 the PID ''GG100''

Write the serial down??
Profit



Method 2 (The Retail Store Method)

Find a store that sells the product you want. Then get their phone number and give them a call.
Tell them that you are from the 
warehouse and need to check up a serial for one of their products.
If they give you any ''Why is that'' crap simply tell them something like this.
(You're unsure that the right product arrived at the warehouse, and need to check if it's the correct product by serial etc etc.)


Just give them the product you want the serial of and
???
Profit

^
This has worked for me every time.




Method 3 (Craigslist and others Method)

This is the most common method.
Simply go to an Online AD site like ''Craigslist'' and find an advert for the product you wish.
Contact the person who's selling it and with a email or phone call. (Prefer phone)
Make yourself sound very convincing that you are VERY Interested!
Include where you ''live'' (unless ship) to sound more serious.

I'd also recommend that you find different sites than Craigslist.
For example I got a very popular site in my country where you can put out ad's. 
From this site I've gotten tons of original receipts and serial numbers. (So it can payoff to find your site)

The key of this method is mostly Social engineering itself. 
You know what to do.


Method 4 (Go to the store and get one)
Simply go to the store and get a serial from the product you want.




By trying all these methods, I'm almost 100% sure that you'll find the serial you need.
If not, hit me a PM and I'll give it a try.




