Hey guys,

It's my first method I'm sharing in AstroPID and this method is completely written, founded and invented by me. This method will teach you how to get PIDs, Serials, Service Tags, Images even original receipts or anything you want to SE a company. And, I guarantee you have not found this method earlier.

This method is: new, unsaturated, hot, working, etc. (LOL).

The method base is contacting people and asking them for whatever you want for your SE but the trick is new and I've invented it. I'll let you through my two private methods. In case of the first method we'll use one of the most famous internet website and it seems easier than the second one to me.

So, let me get to myself (point :D).

                     Method 1!

The site we are going to use is one of those you use daily and can't live without it, called Facebook. This method is fast and has worked for me many times and I got success most times. There are two reasons for the high percentage of success as I think, the first one is because the method was just in my head, that means completely unsaturated even my PC didn't knew about it and second is world's population. :D :P

What things you need to know before trying the method are:-
- The Company you want to SE.
- What you want. LOL

The first time I used it was for getting a picture of SOL Republic headphones so I might be talking in the method by taking example of it.

Step 1 - Go to facebook and find your company's page, or go to your company's website and look for their Facebook Page click it and you will now be on their facebook page. 

Step 2 - Just below the 'Likes, Videos, Photos' there you will see 'Recent Posts by Other' click 'See More' there and now it will open a complete and never ending posts by the common users, other people.

Step 3 - Just check their posts, many people might be posting that his/her product is not working, some might say its working very fine for him/her. In my case I found most people talking it works very well.

Step 4 - As I just wanted only the image of the headphones, so I just sent some guys(around 4-5 people are enough) friend requests whose headphones were working awesome and thought I'll wait till tomorrow to get some requests accepted, but within 20 minutes a guy accepted my request (here matters the world's population, :D LOL). Though, I sent requests to about 5 people but no one else accepted, so its not every time sure that you will get accepted to an unknown as friend, so if don't get accepted try others, there is the whole world left for you.

    If you want a PID or something like that you better choose the guys whose products is not working.

Step 5 - So, when your request is accepted, just find the guys whom you found and check if anyone of them is online, if any is, it's great but if they aren't, it will just take a little long time. So how I started with it is like this, as the guy accepted my request just few minutes later so I found him online and I started to chat. Here is how I chatted with him and had completely messed it but at last I succeeded. Here is the chat but I've skipped the things like from where you are, etc crap.

    ME : hi..
    GUY: hello
    
    ME : so, how ur SOL Amps work?
    GUY: fine why?
    ME : I am thinkin to buy one so was thinkin to know about it as it works good or not
    GUY: oh, they work good :)
    
    ME : hey, can u do me a favor?
    GUY: tell me I will try if I can..
    ME : k, do u have ur headphones with you now?
    GUY: yes but why?
    
    ME : please can u give me an image of your Amps?
    GUY: k, but 1stly tell my why you need it?
    
    ME : ah, actually I and my friend had a challenge that who is having SOL Amps. 
    
    GUY: k, wait a min, I will send  you.
    ME : kk..
    GUY: 
    ME : thanks.. bye..

Notes:
- If you are using a girl's profile your chances are more than a guy's profile will succeed.
- This is a very short version of the conversation, so don't think you will get it in a minute.
- The people whose products are working can also be used to get PIDs, etc by asking for images only, but use your brain on which part the PID would be printed.
- Don't write like an official talk in chat as you do every time with your friends.


                    Method 2!

In this method we are going to use your company's forum. I firstly used it for getting pictures and details of an 

Western Digital HDD. So, I might use it as reference in the example below.

Step 1 - Go to your company's website and find there something like just 'forum' or 'support forum'.

Step 2 - Register on the forum, but remember use some good username not weird like 'sam1254' 'aaron', these look like a person's name use something like Limitation, Acrylic, etc. and it should not contain alot of numbers. Now put some abstract or the company's logo in your Avatar.

Step 3 - Go and find the category in which people are posting about their devices are having problems.

Step 4 - Choose a thread and read the story and make youself think about what you can do now so, the person hands you over the PIDs, etc. , if you can't figure it out choose another thread. In my case, the guy wrote that his HDD is not working it contained important information of his work, and it is still in warranty, blah-blah. (Note: Don't post in the thread there are other real staffs too.)

Step 5 - Now, PM the guy, see how I messaged him.
    
    ME: Hey David,
    I'm a replacement agent of Western Digital. We are sorry to hear about the problem you are having with our 

product. As, you said your product is still in warranty so we can offer you a replacement. But, in order to verify the product is yours we need the following things:-
     1. Product's image
    2. Product's Serial (found anywhere)
    3. Proof of Purchase (it's the original reciept)
    4. Add any more things if you want.

Thanks for your co-operation.

  GUY:  Oh, that is great but today is Saturday I'll send it on Monday when I get to my office.
  ME :  Oh, sure no problem.
    Thanks.

You've most chances to succeed with this.

Notes:
- I suggest don't make posts and threads, but if the forum requires some posts to send PM the you will have to do so.
- Choose the guys who look more are getting more problems, like some one listened to music only, but someone is getting problem in work, so choose the worker. :D
- Every company doesn't have a forum, so you can stick with the methods above.

While writing this complete tutorial only, I got a new idea in my mind by mixing the first and the second methods. So let's say this method 3.

                     Method 3!

I haven't still tried it, but it is going to work more times as I think. So, let us begin. I said I've created the method by mixing the above methods so the first two steps are exactly same as the first method but I've copied that here too, so, you don't have to scroll up and down.

Step 1 - Go to facebook and find your company's page, or go to your company's website and look for their Facebook Page click it and you will now be on their facebook page.

Step 2 - Just below the 'Likes, Videos, Photos' there you will see 'Recent Posts by Other' click 'See More' there and now it will open a complete and never ending posts by the common users, other people.

Step 3 - Check their posts, many people might be posting that his/her product is not working, some might say its working very fine for him/her. In this method find those whose product is not working.

Step 4 - View few people's profiles (about 10-12 is enough) and find there their emails(about 7-8 emails enough). You can't see some people's emails as they have kept it private but there are many who don't care about it. 

Step 5 - Go to gmx.com or some email service that's not very famous. Suppose you are doing it for a dell product then create a new account like 'dellsupport@gmx.com'.

Step 5 - Now, go to http://emkei.cz/

Step 6 - As you are doing it for a dell product then make sender's email like this 'support@dell.com' and recipient's email that you've found on facebook.

Step 7 - Email them as you messaged in second method, See once again.
    Hey David,
    I'm a replacement agent of Dell Limited. We are sorry to hear about the problem you are having with our product. 

As, you said your product is still in warranty so we can offer you a replacement. But, in order to verify the product is yours we need the following things:-
     1. Product's image
    2. Service Tag
    3. Proof of Purchase (it's the original receipt)
    4. Add any more things if you want.

    Note: We're replacing our server to another server, so it would be great if you send us the things on these both emails: support@dell.com and dellsupport@gmx.com.

Thanks for your co-operation, I'll release it in PDF ASAP. 

It has took me about 2 hours making this tutorial. So, at least you can say thanks, and I am sharing it only on AstroPID, so don't leak it. 

I was trying to post it in the site from few days but AstroPID was down, but I'll contribute here till my end day.. :P

Thanks for reading! © Copyright Reserved. 

Guys I need your help if u want me to be on AstroPID, so help me.
