Yea, SE'ed these for a friend and was fairly easy. I've seen discussion about a Nike Fuelband SE, and I've gathered all that info and made a tutorial for it.

Requirements:



A Pre-paid card or a VCC. It doesn't matter, as long as it's valid AND MATCHES THE INFORMATION YOU GIVE THEM!
Skype or cellphone to call Nike Plus support.
A way to get out of situations quickly without ruining your story.

Tutorial:
1) Open Skype (or use your cellphone) and call: 1800-379-6453
2) Navigate your way through the prompts until you get to Nike Fuelband Support.
3) Tell him/her whatever the problem you developed.
4) He/she will ask you where you got it from. &#8203;



DO NOT SAY AMAZON. Say you either got it as a gift or got it from a sports store, such as "Sports Authority" or "Dicks Sporting Goods."

5) He/she will then go through some troubleshooting tips for your Fuelband. Just follow along with it.
6) He/she will ask for a serial for your Fuelband. You can either find one via google and make your own, or say "I have poor eyesight and the writing is excruciating small and is blurry.
7) He/she will tell you what repair options you have. You can either:


Send in your Fuelband first and wait for their repair (You can box if you want)
Advance replacement. Nike will send you a Fuelband and then you will send yours in for repair.

&#8203;8) Now you can either do the box method for the first option or do an advanced replacement. 
9) If you've picked advanced replacement, remember:
***YOUR VCC/PREPAID MUST MATCH THE BILLING/SHIPPING INFORMATION YOU GIVE TO NIKE***



If it does not, Nike will not proceed with the advanced replacement of said Fuelband.

10) Now they will just various questions telling you what to do once you get the Fuelband.  Just keep answering them and they should submit everything to proceed with the shipment.

NOTES:



It will take a full week or so before it arrives to you. It is brand new in box.
If you do not send in your broken fuelband, nothing major happens in terms of billing. You will just get blacklisted from Nike if you do not send it in in 2 months.

