1. First of all generate a model number for any of the headphones in AstroPID
(PREMIUM NOISE CANCELLING) - OUT OF STOCK

2. Call Phillips and say you have broken headphones, say you tried with quite a few devices and get no sound output. 

3. They reply with alternatives just say its not working, then they ask where you purchased it from

4. Say Amazon and then they say go contact Amazon simply reply with I already contacted amazon and they told me to contact phillips, they will say ok well go and contact Amazon again and tell them the reference number say ok and hang up. 

5. Wait 10 - 15 minutes and call back, and then talk with them say this is the 2nd time your calling and it keeps going back and forth amazon keeps telling you to contact Phillips and your really fed up, they will say ok and ask you if you have a POP - proof of purchase, simply download a amazon receipt generator, go and get the name of the product from amazon and then copy + paste, make the date greater then 1 month ago but less than 2 months ago.

6. They ask you to send in the receipt, so email them the receipt that you generated, open the HTML file and screenshot it and make it into a .jpg file, ask the rep to stay on the phone with you, and for them to wait for the email to process, if they say we have to help others just say ok, but can I have your name so I can talk to you later. They give the name etc..

7. Call back and ask for the rep that you spoke to earlier, remember there name from earlier and you will be transfered. Ask him if he received email and he will say he did and he will check it, he will be like ok yeh all good, I'll setup a replacement. Then he will ask for serial, just keep saying you can't find it and eventually he will realise these headphones are not made with serials on them, say you through away packaging and that you cannot find any serials. He will generate one so he can replace your product.

8.  He goes through the replacement procedure on the phone, make sure the headphones are in stock, a good idea is to use SNUGS since they have different models and you can ask for a differnt colour if the one you want is out of stock. Luckily mine had 3 in stock however when I tried earlier it had none in stock.

9. He will ask if you wil dispose of it enviromentally friendly etc - its company policy - then just agree bla bla, and he will setup the replacement order, he will ask that you click on one of the links in the email and that you upload your pop - proof of purchase - to that place also, just agree upload the .jpg, put comment as Amazon receipt and enjoy your FREE HEADPHONES

15
