Don't go for the 99$ headphones
they are unreleased. 


Hey, this is my first thread in VIP and I only post it here because it shouldn't get saturated too fast, as it literally only takes 2 minutes and this shouldn't change. Griffin sells mostly aplle device cases and stuff, but also music equipment. I only tried their WoodTones in ears, but maybe you can get even more stuff I didn't even try cuz #lazy.
So, first things first, this seems to be non US only, but you can still try it and tell me how it goes.

You will need:
- A few minutes
- A receipt (I didn't try amazon, if you have a receipt from any electronics store send it to me and I'll edit it for you, maybe you can surprise me with a few cents on PP c: )

1.: 
Go to this site: http://www.griffintechnology.com/support
In the upper right you see a live support, it should be online, check their times, if it isn't, wait.

2.: 
Click it, a window will pop up. Select technical support and write ANYTHING (really doesn't matter so I don't give an example, they are LAZY as fuck) about your product not working. You will get this email:

Your order # 05404287 has been Tech Support Quote.
You can check the status of your order by logging into your account.
This email has been sent to you by Griffin Technology to help facilitate testing and/or replacement of merchandise.  Generally we handle returns for our international customers a little differently than for our domestic customers. We assure you that this is our preferred method for handling your return as it will help save you money (shipping costs) and the hassle of having to send the product back to us. It also has the added benefit of helping us to ensure that your unit is truly non-functional. First, destroy your defective product. Yes, really destroy it. A hammer works well for destroying most products however feel free to use whatever tool you are most comfortable with. This can be a great opportunity for you to express yourself creatively and take out some frustrations at the same time. Also, you may want to use eye protection and protect yourself from any flying debris that may result from this process.  Second, document the destruction by taking a digital picture of the destroyed unit while it is laying on a printed copy of this email so that the Order number and other information are visible. If you don't have a printer, you can just hold the item in front of your computer screen with the email visible.  Also, take a digital picture (or scan a copy) of your receipt. If you do not have a printer, you may write the order number and date on a sheet of paper, then take the photo of the destroyed unit on top of that piece of paper.  If the order number is not visible, your return will not be accepted.   Third, send us the pictures. Just reply to this email and attach the digital pictures of the destroyed product on the printed email and the receipt along with any other pictures that we might enjoy, such as you holding the destroyed product or the town where you live. Of course including the extra pictures is optional but feel free to include them if you want to.  Once we receive the email and verify the photos we will send a replacement to the address that you have provided us below. In order to ensure that we receive your email, please limit the size of the email to around 3MB. If we have not received a response from you within 30 days from the when this email was sent, your request for a replacement will automatically be removed from our system. So please respond as soon as possible. Processing may take up to 2 weeks once the photos are received.  ONCE WE GET YOUR PHOTOS, YOU WILL RECEIVE A CONFIRMATION. IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE A CONFIRMATION WITHIN 2 BUSINESS DAYS, WE DID NOT RECEIVE YOUR PHOTOS Please limit attachment size to less-than-10 MB per email.  Anything larger will not be received. Thank you, Griffin Technical Support support@griffintechnology.com Jitin TSR/78
If you have any questions about your order, you can email Customer Service, chat live, or call us at 877-386-0373. We are available Monday - Thursday, 9am - 6pm, and 9am - 5pm Friday, Central Time.

Lol, destroy your item they said? Well, we already threw them away, what a bad luck! They will ask for your receipt only and setup your replacement, really helpful service :)

Post any questions here :)
