What you need: 
a) A Nook serial number, unregistered
b) A VCC with a minimum of $1
c) An amount of common sense, aka not being a complete fuckwit.
d) Drop(?)/Reship(?)


So first of all you wanna hit up http://bn.com and head over to the live chat support. Now you wanna tell these motherfuckers that your fuckin' Nook has stopped working on you....you've had the thing for a lil while, a month, maybe 2, maybe just a couple of weeks and all of a sudden the fucking thing doesn't turn on anymore(!!!). 

Your rep will give you some troubleshooting bullshit, call her a dumb cumdumpster and tell her to pinch your nipple while you ride her strapon.... OR tell them that the shit they told you to do isn't working, it still isn't turning on, just a black screen.

After all the troubleshooting they'll ask for your SN, give it to the bitch. They might ask you if you have a B&N store in your area, what you look like a dumb motherfucker? you ain't a dumb motherfucker, you know there aint no stores nearby..

Your rep will ask if you want that shit replaced, HELL FUCKING YES YOU DO, ask for RAPID REPLACEMENT, they'll tell you that you gotta RING THEM CUNTS to get that shit authorized, tell them that you are gonna do that shit and get a reference number.

SO WHY DID WE JUST DO ALL THIS SHIT IF WE GOTTA CALL, I HEAR YOU ASKING, TYRONE....... WELL, when you already got a reference number saying that you gotta get yo shit replaced the whole process is EASIER, you feel?


So now you gotta ring dem bitches, you aint got no phone? you aint got no pennies??? USE SKYPE BRO, 1800 CALLS ARE FREE, DONT BE NO BITCH WASTIN YOUR PHONE BATTERY.

Give the mother fucker on the phone your reference, tell him you aint no bitch and you already have a reference number, give that fucker to him. He gonna brb and check that shit out. dey probably gonna tell you to REGISTER YO NOOK ON THE WEBSITE, act like you a real dumbass, they gonna walk you through that shit, you gotta put yo VCC on the account too. Eventually once you've registered that bitch ass nook they'll set up the sweet sweet replacement. 

Now you wait, be patient tyrone, your day will come. 

Your day has now come, your Nook is at your drop, pick that cunt up.


YOU ARE WELCOME.

Credits to twizzzzterTwizzzter&#8203;From Senet 

Why post it here?
Some members don't use senet.
