REOPENED!
Rape them hard!

Introduction:

Hello AstroPID,
Today I will be releasing my first method, well more like the format for the serial.
The reason I said more like the format for the serial is because a lot of people have
SE Philips and they are really easy...
Also to note this only works in Canada and United States.
This is the dock right here on amazon: http://goo.gl/4EwxQ

 Setting up the Social Engineering:

First have Notepad open to type information down.
This is the info you need name, address, email, phone number,
model # and Serial, and the last this you need is to type reference #.

The name and phone number can be fake also you can
use a drop but is not required


 Serial format and model number:

The Model number: DS7550/37

Here is and example serial: LM1A1133023731
Now what you need to do is change the last 3 numbers to any
random numbers.
Example of where to replace: LM1A1133023XXX
So your need code could be any number.
Example 2: LM1A1133023843

 The Social Engineering Part 1:

This is Philips toll free number right here: 1-888-744-5477
You can also chat here is the link: http://goo.gl/zsOqH
I prefer calling because they are not as stupid and it is 
way faster.

 If you are calling(look below if you are chatting):
If you are calling get to the menu were it asks you what product you
have say "Audio Product" or "Audio Device"

 If you are chatting(look above if you are calling):
Enter your first name, last name, and e-mail address
and click start chat.

The Excuse:
Excuse 1: No sound is coming out of the speaker.
Excuse 2: Dock will not charge.
Excuse 3: Dock will not turn on.
Excuse 4: Weird noise when playing a song on the dock.

Troubleshooting:
Act like you are following the directions they give you don't respond
 to fast to the questions and obviously say that what every you tried did not work.

Getting the product:
You you social engineered them they should replace the dock. 
So just give them all the information they ask. They will
give you a reference number type it in the notepad
and use it if you want to get tracking in 3-4 days.

Did they ask you for Proof of Purchase?:
They may ask you for proof of purchase but it is
 pretty unlikely. But if they do don't make a Amazon receipt.
They will check it the best that will bypass it all the time
is hard receipts or just one I am going to attach. It is really
blurry for a reason so they cant see the receipt good.
If they ask you to get a better picture say that is the best you can
do.

Calling to get tracking:
To get tracking you have to wait a 3-4 business days.
Call up Philips ask if you can get tracking and give them your
reference number. Then answer the identity information to verify you
are they same person they talked to.
They should then give it to you. Philips always uses FedEx to ship
their stuff. You should get your stuff in 7-14 business days.


 Final:
Tell me please if I left out anything. Or need to correct errors.
Also comment you experiences.
If I get a good response and it is not saturated in a week I will release 
the bulk method for this dock. 
Happy Social Engineering!

This tutorial took me 1 hour if not more to write. It only
takes a few seconds to say thanks.


 ADMIN/MOD if you don't want this to get saturated move it to contributor 

