This is what I used to use to get MacBooks. I have gotten about 10 of em this way, it may not still work but you can still use this as a guideline to tweak it and get some apple gear..

Just a way to help out, this was in elite but I moved it down here for yall since it doesn't work exactly like this anymore.

As of now I will NOT be helping anyone with any kind of apple SE. This  method is old, and I posted it is up to you guys to figure out how to  use it to your advantage. The info is there, all you need now is, idk,  maybe some social engineering to change it up and make it into a working  method for your own use.

ANY APPLE ITEM
By @Popc0rn

NEEDED ITEMS:
1. Unregistered serial
    Easy enough to make ;) Explained later
2. A phone
    To call in
3. Time
    ;)

-------------------------------------

K LETS GET STARTED

Step 1. Find a serial of the newest model device you want.
    In this tutorial I will use the iPad 3.

    iPad (3rd gen) Wi-Fi
    Serial Number: DLXH18JMDJ8T

Step 2. Alter the 5th digit until you find one that is not registered.
    If you already have an unregistered serial, skip to step  3.

    iPad (3rd gen) Wi-Fi
    Serial Number: DLXH28JMDJ8T

Step 3. Register iDevice and set the purchase date to the day before you call.
    
    iPad (3rd gen) Wi-Fi
    Serial Number: DLXH28JMDJ8T
    6/1/2012

Step 4. Call Apple. Tell them your iDevice was just purchased, and you went to    
    turn it on right out of the box and it wouldn't power on.

Step 5. Look up DOA procedures for your country. In US, as long as it is less than
    10 days old, it qualifies for replacement.

Step 6. Bullshit your way through, get them to either:
    A: Send you a replacement directly
    B: Advanced replacement (CVV Required)
    C: Tell them you start school in a week, and you need a computer. They
    will send you a label that, once scanned in, will automatically ship your
    replacement to you. This is my favorite

Step 7. Wait for your iDevice.

Step 8. ????

Step 9. Profit

-------------------------------------

#EOF
