I think this might already be known by some of us, or it might have even been posted before. But o'well. Let me refresh our memories as to what we can get from our good 'o friends over Dell. 

Social-Engineering Warnings about Company:

This company will cancel the replacements warranty. Boo ho... They might also bug you to send it in the faulty one, they stop after a while. 

General Information about Company:

Dell offers a variety of good electronic devices :D. You can apply this to most other Dell business products. 

You will get offered a replacement right away for business products such as projectors, some monitors, and a couple other untested items. I can't confirm they offer it for laptops or workstations. 

Company Contact Information:

1800-822-8965
support.dell.com

General Method for Company:

Call up and complain that your projector is not powering on. They will offer a replacement. Using a drop will also be useful so that you can just receive the product and not worry about future phone calls asking for the faulty one back. 

1. Get service tag to projector. I personally tried a Dell 1610HD DLP Projector. 

2. Transfer the warranty to your name. You can do so here: http://www.dell.com/support/retail/us/en/555/ownershiptransfer/IdentifySystem

- You will need to enter your service tag or express service code. 
- For previous owner information right your name, company name, zip, and for email address use "no@email.com". 
- On the next page just enter the information (your alias) that you would like to use. The address enter on that page is where the projector will go to. 
- You should then be taking to a page saying that the transfer was complete. Then you are done. This instant transfer actually might only work in the US. 

3. Call Dell at 1800-822-8965. Get to projector support or just enter your express service code. 

If you need your express service code go here:http://www.dell.com/support/incidents/us/en/555/Phone/TagChange/NOSEG/no and enter either your service tag. On the next page it will give your alternative information; the express service code. 

4. Once talking to a rep he will want to confirm the information registered to the projector. Give him the information you used when registering it. 

Then let him know what is going on with your projector. I usually just say its dead/won't power on. 

When he ask you "what have you tried?" Tell him you have tried the standard steps; new power cord; new bulb; new cables; etc..

He will eventually let you know that he will be replacing the unit for you and you must return the defective unit blah blah blah. 

5. Receive your projector and enjoy or profit. 

Dell products usually have it in their warranty policy that the replacement product will be overnighted to you. So you might receive it overnight but sometimes it can take 3-5 business days. 



Picture Proof:

No picture, just my word :D.

