Well, if you're into lifting weights and want protein/weight gainer, it'd be a good idea to follow this tutorial, now it's kind of awkward since I live in the UK so I doubt this website will work for the USA but the bold bits at the bottom can be worth a try.

Method:

Go to www.body-active.co.uk (or any USA website that does the same kind of shit), go to the bottom of the page and hit 'contact us' and send them an email, they normally reply within a hour or so and you can normally get 2-3 emails out of them a day.

Now, here is where it kind of gets tricky, like me, if you've made an order from the website before it's A LOT easier, if you have, you can use the easy way:

'Hi, I recently purchased a bag/tub of xxx (insert protein shit you bought), after beginning my weight plan I decided it would be a great idea to buy some of the xxx (the same as the first name you decide to put), what drew me to the product was the great specifications of it (try make sure it has a nice sounding taste, e.g. chocolate), so after it got here I decided to go workout, but before I left for the gym I cracked it open and have a quick look on what my new product was like, after opening my xxx there was an absolute horrid smell, I don't even know what the smell was but it sure wasn't nice. I thought that maybe it could be just like that in the tub, so I decided to go workout and seal my xxx back up, when I got back from the gym I started to make my first drink of xxx.

After finally getting the chance to drink my first ever protein drink and see what it would taste like, it tasted as bad as it smelled, I was nearly sick, to be honest with you. I thought I may of ordered a different flavour by accident due to this wasn't (insert your flavour here) but looking at the tub, it says it is *flavour*. 

I'm extremely disappointed in the service and quality body-active has offered me, I would appreciate a swift reply.

Regards, 
name'

You should get a email back soon asking for your code/number of the product, they say they'll pass it on to the sci-fit team (wtf?) and then like 5 minutes after I got that email saying they've sent me a replacement, while my other bag is still nearly full :)

Now, if you're from the USA, it's kind of hard, since I don't know if they ship worldwide, but another problem alot of people will have is they simply haven't ordered from the site before, then you can use some of the following excuses:

I bought it from a local re-seller and they said it's a manufacturing issue and I should contact the company they bought the original powder from. (body active..)

You bought it a while ago (over a few months ago) and only just opened it due to having other powders that you were using from different sites and cannot remember your login details to the site, but tell them you did order from them. 

Tell them you threw the product away due to it kept stinking the kitchen area out with the horrible smell.

** BEST CHANCE IF YOU'RE FROM THE USA* If you're from the USA tell them you lived in the UK for work and moved around living in hotels and stuff, and now that you're back in the USA you finally got to open your product and it stinks/tastes bad. When they ask you for the address tell them you can't remember which one you got it ordered to since you move around alot.

When they ask for the number say it's faded off or try ebay/another method to get the numbers. 

Now, I know this isn't really a 'method' just a way of getting free shit if you've ordered before, but I'm sure it'll work even if you haven't by following the above in bold.
