Before you think about applying for this rank, read below. Remember, if you are DECLINED, you will have to wait 90-days before being able to reapply. That's a long time to miss a lot of great methods before they get saturated etc etc. 

What is the "Contributor" Rank?
The contributor rank is a 3rd highest tier a member can achieve. (Member, VIP, Contributor, Elite, Legendary) They are given to those members that have gave their time and effort to help members and keep the VIP section healthy with methods and support. 

How does one gain the "Contributor" Rank?
After becoming VIP, you will have the opportunity to apply for the Contributor Rank. You fill out the form and post it. The way your applications are judged are from the current Contributors and Staff members we have. A yes/no and explanation. If the majority feels as if you are a good candidate to be promoted, a staff member will come along, review the application and posts, and decide wether or not to promote you. 
Administrators also have the right to promote anyone who they feel has contributed enough to AstroPID to Contributor or Elite. It is under AstroPID Staff's discretion.

What does AstroPID expect from you, now that you are promoted to "Contributor" ? 
We expect you to do the same as you have always done. Help out, contribute, add your special little methods to the contributor section. You aren't limited to only helping contributors, you can also help those in the VIP section! It helps our site grow as a whole. Keep our Contributor sections healthy with nourishing information and represent the contributor rank with your work and methods. 

If you didn't take the time to read this, chances are you don't deserve to be promoted. Don't simply apply, because you'll be rejected in a heart beat. Our contributors are ruthless, so you better have a good reputation of selfless helping and providing content to AstroPID, or you'll find yourself stuck as VIP for another 90-days before you can prove yourself again.

I hope this explains most of your questions and good luck to future appliers!
