Hi guys i only joined an hour ago ha  but thought i might aswell share my personal SE method for red bul  its very simple and it worked for me.

(im based in the UK so not sure for other countries)

I went straight to there site: http://www.redbull.co.uk/cs/Satellite/en_UK/ContactUs/Contact-Us-021242782661048

after trying several times i realised there page wouldnt work. It always pops up please complete all fields even though i did :/
I had written a big description of my complaint and it deleted it when i pressed submit :mad:  this encouraged me to pursue this more haha

So i contacted there helpdesk via phone, and said i would like to make a complaint and explained there page didnt work so they provided me with an email address :D
UK.Info@uk&#8203;.redbull.co&#8203;m

I then emailed them this, please changed this around so it does not get saturated ;) 

I HAVE NOW REMOVED WHAT I WROTE TO THEM AS PEOPLE WILL COPY WORD FOR WORD SORRY GUYS  JUST STATE IT DID NOT TASTE RIGHT E.T.C 

i like the part about monster energy drink haha

they replied with this:

HI -----,


Re: Red Bull Product Complaint

Thank you for contacting us and for bringing your experience to our attention.

I would like to take this opportunity to assure you that this type of occurrence is extremely rare at Red Bull and we take all complaints very seriously.

Unfortunately without the can in question it would be impossible for us to ascertain exactly what has happened on this occasion, so we would appreciate it if you would let us know the following information:

    - Which product did you buy (in which sized can?)
    - Where was the can purchased from?
    - When did you buy it?
    - What was the use by date?
    - What were the time and production codes? (Found on the bottom of our cans and is 7 digits long)

i went and bought a large red-bull and gave all the details, and said purchased it from my local asda\wallmart.  AND I ACTUALLY DID PURCHASE ONE FROM ASDA JUST INCASE THEY FOLLOWED UP THE SERIAL/BARCODE TO SEE WETHER IT WAS FROM THAT SHOP   JUST BEING SAFE HAHA

They replied within in two hours stating that they apologise for this and would like to send me a complimentary 24 case of redbull. 

I then had the cheek to reply saying will these be the large cans like the one i purchased hahah :D  

very simple method and works well, they have quick response time aswell this was all done within 32 hours so overall i am happy with my own first method and i will post pictures when my case arrives.

Please change the problem and use your imagination.   feel free to pm me if you need help
