This is a simple, yet very valuable method avoiding you from getting &#8220;stuck&#8221; when big companies who are becoming harder to SE for example EVGA, ask for the retailers details/contact information.
Before thinking of this guide a common flaw to stop me from successfully SE&#8217;ing most big companies where that when I gave the required information and stated that the retailer/distributor I purchased my item from would no longer allow me to return it to them and that I had to be sent a replacement from the main company (A common SE you see everyone use), most companies you will see these days, will ask for the retailers contact information in an attempt to sort it out themselves (this holds problems as remember where lying about such a purchase.)
So know how do we avoid/tackle this?
Well here is a step by step guide starting from what you do to get them to ask for this (yes we now WANT them to ask us for this information!).

After this, use your Imagination and think of a local shop name (this shop sells electronics and your victims product.
After doing this make an email for your shop, for example our shop is called UK Gaming Supplys, so our email could be UKGAMINGSUPPLYS@Hotmail.co.uk, as the current age we are in, anyone can start a local shop and sell products through re-licensing.
Now you&#8217;re going to email EVGA your shops name, email address, a fake name of an employee and either your Skype name (yes you will need to make one of these for your companies) or a phone number
After doing this within the next few days, be prepared for a phone call or email. Upon being contacted by EVGA, simply explain you are unable to refund/replace the customers product.
One thing that worked for me was explain the customer is out of me (the shop&#8217;s) warranty, but then when asked I said the customer was within the EVGA warranty and also explained I have no more supply of the customers product, (In one case this resulted in EVGA supplying me with one for &#8220;promotion&#8221; purposes).

I copied this from a word document and it looks like that? ^
