So I Just read this..

If you own a Lenovo ThinkCentre M90z and/or M70z, you might want to take a look at this. Lenovo has announced that they will be recalling both the M90z and M70z all-in-one desktop models due to a possible fire risk. The company has stated that they are currently recalling about 160,000 of the affected models in cooperation with the US Consumer Product Safety Commission.
It seems that the affected models are from May 2010 to January 2012 and apparently a defective component in their power supply can cause the device to overheat and pose a fire hazard. So far according to Lenovo, there have been two customer reports which have resulted in damage to their computers.

Basically all you will need is..
A serial number from a ThinkCenter M90Z or M70Z... (MODELS FROM MAY 2010 - JANUARY 2012)
Maybe a fake receipt... (you can make one or buy one... easy)
And a giftcard (for method #2) 

REMEMBER NONE OF THESE METHODS HAVE BEEN TESTED YET! 

Method 1 (Should work) 
Call them and tell them that you were using your computer and that smoke started coming out of it... and that you had your 3 years old kids around you.. there was smoke eveywhere so you took the computer out and threw it in the garbage.. 
They should ask you for the serial number and model... (might ask for PoP I'm not sure..)
They should tell you that they need the computer back.. but tell them that you went to look for it and it wasn't there anymore..
They might say they can't send a replacement.. then start raging at them and explaining them that you couldn't have such dangerous thing in your house because you have little kids... then ask to talk to a manager.. 
if everything works.. you should be getting a computer soon... :)

Method 2 (Not sure if they will pass the giftcard or if they even have advance replacement they should do though)
Call them and tell them that smoke started coming out of your computer.. blah blah blah
they will ask for it back and blah blah blah tell them that you cant send it back because you going on a trip.. and that you need the computer right now.... to do some work.. etc etc make a story...
They should offer you advance replacement..  if they don't just ask for it... (most companies have them.. they should do too)
Give them the giftcard information and all that other info that they ask for and you're done...

Should be getting a computer soon...

REMEMBER THIS METHODS HAVEN'T BEEN TESTED BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE ANY SERIAL NUMBER FOR THIS COMPUTER....



