Q&A:
Q) Why did this method stop working previously?
A) Sony smarted up and stopped accepting fake receipts even when people changed the store phone number on the receipt that they made sony started to notice.


Q) Will this only work for 40" TV's?
A) No it will work for anything that is 40" or less.


Q) Should I use a drop?
A) Yes you should use a drop, this is common sense.


Q) ^ Why?
A) They gonna fucking bill you!


Preparing:
Step 1: Go to craigslist or ebay. 
Step 2: Email people that are selling the TV model your targeting. Say something along the lines of this. 

Hello,


I am currently interested in purchasing the TV that you are selling. I will be completely set to buy it if you could provide me with a picture of both the serial number off the TV and only if you still have it the receipt for the TV. The reason why I ask this is because I recently bought a stolen TV off of craigslist and have to give it back once I tried calling Sony to get a warranty repair for it, so I that's why I am asking for these things so I can insure of that it isn't stolen as well as it still being covered under warranty. I look forward to hopefully receiving a response from you shortly. I'm just very eager to get a new TV because now I don't have one anymore.


Sincerely,


Step 3: Insure that the email excuse you use is not the same as mine (especially you lazy people!)
Step 4: Once you have both a real receipt and some serial numbers, then its time to start the SE.


Process:
Step 1: Call Sony (yes im gonna make you work and get the number yourself)
Step 2: Give them an excuse as to why the TV isn't working.
Step 3: Get them to setup a replacement. They might try saying to have it repaired come up with reasons why they can't come to the house in repair it say religious restrictions that don't allow strangers into your home, some shit like that, it can be anything don't be afraid to try the less you copy this excuse the better your chances of success will be. Then if they don't offer advanced RMA ask for it, always wine until you get what you want.
Step 4: You will need a VCC preferably one with AVS. But I'm not sure if it matters.
Step 5: If you got this far you don't need my help finishing.
Step 6: Buy @MasterKush some Kush!


Notes:
- You can probably use same receipt a few times with different serials. (This might not be a good idea, but you can prob do it once or twice)
- Fake receipts will be the end of your SE and when following up you might end up talking to people from fraud department (Not Good!)
- Only TV's 40" or less the smaller the TV the better your odds of success are. However if you got what it takes and have a legit receipt for a TV bigger then 40" then go for it, but its hard as hell to do I will tell you that right now.
- Use google voice as your phone number its annoying getting harassed by any company especially Sony
