Hey!

So this is the third method i'll be sharing with you guys. Thought i'd post this on the VIP section again so it doesn't get raped and so should still work!

I managed to get my self 4 styluses (2 from Scoshe and another two from Studioneat). What I did was said that the replacement hadn't arrived and so they shipped me out another one with tracking (both companies) lol. And it was to the UK so it must have cost them a fair bit to ship with tracking haha.

Anyway what you do is go to www.studioneat.com and click on the tab that says cosmonaut if you want to see how the stylus looks. Then message them at Hello@Studioneat.com saying that the stylus doesn't get recognised when you try to use it. Say you have to press really hard in order for it to work and still sometimes it wouldn't work. Make sure you don't say you have a screen protector on otherwise they will say it's the screen protectors fault.

If you can think of a better excuse, go ahead but sticking to mine should work.

You should get an email back from them if they are open in about a few minutes as they rarely get customers since they only make two or three products haha. They will ask for you to describe the issue again.

After that, they will ask for your name and address to ship out the replacement. I managed to get my replacement ordered in about 30 minutes since they didn't ask me to send a receipt.

If they ask for a receipt, just generate one with Amazon and say it was purchased directly from Amazon. They do sell their items on Amazon so sending one should work.



You can do the same for Scoshe and I think their stylus is a lot better (it can be used as a stylus or a normal pen with two different coloured ink).
Scosche, however ask for you to send it back to them first, if they do ask. You can ask them for an advanced replacement or cross shipment. I did a cross shipment and photoshoped a fake proof of postage. 
If you don't want a stylus from Scosche you can try and get a screen protector or any other items they have (screen protector - doesn't stick on to my screen is one excuse).

Here is a picture of the styluses.


http://i.imgur.com/emAMDHW.jpg
