Surface RT/Pro + keyboard Method
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-CGKgCz1N98I/UUNF88JiZCI/AAAAAAAACbc/ZdR2BlPOsjc/s320/Surface+Pro.jpg

I don't know of any other surface method at the time (feel free to pm me one) apart from boxing so I worked out my own. I've only done this once and it worked out pretty good. What you want to do is go to myservice.surface.com. Add your surface. Request a surface charger (its free look at the public methods.) Wait till it arrives. Afterwards request the repair service for the surface and the keyboard and print only the prepaid label for the surface. Pick a box that's big enough for a surface and keyboard. Put a little padding like styrofoam and the charger in the box. Call UPS and let them pick it up. In a couple of days you'll receive your box back with a letter in it which says that you didn't had to send your charger in and that they sent it back. Go on the live chat or call them and tell the guy that you sent your keyboard, charger and surface in and that you received the box back with only the charger in it. He'll ask if you sent it all in one box and that you didn't had to sent the charger in. Tell him that you only could find one box that was big enough so you put the keyboard in the same box too along with its prepaid label. Tell him that you thought that your charger was broken that's why you requested a new one and didn't want to throw the charger away because you though its a waste and that they can recycle it. He'll tell you that its normal that you received your charger back since they don't accept it and that your surface and keyboard is still being repaired. He'll escalate the case to the repair center people and apparently they don't write anywhere that the box came only with the charger. They assume that it came and the charger was sent back and that the surface and keyboard got lost or something. You'll get a call/email saying that they will ship you a new one.

Now why is this better than boxing? 
You don't get in shit with UPS since they think they lost it themselves.
You get the keyboard with it.

