First to start off, I would like to thank this community for the useful information that some have posted and I've used it in majority of my attempts. And I would like to thank no one in particular because I'm just creeping around and lurking in some dark corners and I spoke to no one..


Ralph Lauren

Just do a little Google Search on the particular product you're trying to get.
Well I did mine, and found some unsatisfied customer complained about a "torn" Ralph Lauren Polo that she bought months ago after washing it just for a few times AND with that information I use that to my advantage.

First off, you've got to email the customer service about it.
And from there, they will try to get you to sent the Polo to the " Fulfillment Center" for inspection. 

How do you bypass this ?
Just kindly ask if there is any hotline you could call in to speak to the manager in regards (Why ? - Because how are you going to express your emotion through text ?) Don't tell me "owh - I'm so good at this, I could SE them through Email but I'm scared to call them) that's not what SE-ing is about if you're going to continue sticking to the text messages and not Man-ing up yourself.

Contact them and normally the person you're speaking to on the phone will offer either a "Exchange or a Replacement" and request you to go down to the shop and have it done.

And they will need some sort of verification to make sure you really "bought the Polo" so if he were to request for a receipt just refer to the Complaint you've gotten from Google and say "Hey, the shirt I bought was months ago and I do not have the receipt anymore.. I mean who would keep a receipt for months <insert-laughing tone>".
 
So the next thing he will ask, is to bring down the shirt and you know.. Just tell him previously you've spoken to one of the Representative through email and he/she did not notify you to keep or to throw the Polo and without much thought you threw it away and then just make a sound like you're thinking what to do next and then suggest if you could email him a picture of the Polo which you have posted on your Instagram/Facebook ? And .. you're done.

Lastly would like to thank Daxos for the post that he had started, if not for it.. I would not have thought of SE-ing Ralph Lauren.

and I've gotten 3 Ralph Lauren Polo at one go, one which worth $170.00 (My country's currency).

And this might be my last attempt :)


