Step 1:    Go here http://www.econsumeraffairs.com/scj/ContactUs.htm and fill out all the information in the * My comment/question is regarding: Select Other and dont add a phone number unless you preffer calling 
Step 2:In the * Comment/Question: Just make something up this is what i wrote 
MESSAGE:
Hello i recently purchased some shout color catchers i had purchased these before with no problems but a few days ago i was washing some clothes and i put in a brand new $50 white shirt i had just purchased a few days ago and when i got it i noticed it was a pink color and now that shirt is ruined and i was just wondering if there was anything that you could do to help me out with this problem

Step 3:
Then you should receive this email 
EMAIL:
I'm sorry to learn about your recent experience with Shout® Color Catcher®, and can certainly understand your disappointment. While we'd be more than happy to help, we&#8217;d like to first gather some additional information about this issue so we can best assist you. To do this, it would be easiest to speak by phone.
As we are unable to reach you, we'd be grateful if you could contact us directly at             1-800-558-5252      . We're here Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Central Time. We&#8217;ll talk about the problem and come up with a solution.
We look forward to hearing from you soon. When calling, please provide your reference number:

Just reply to that email with an excuse of why you cant call you can call if you want but i didnt want to so i just made somethig up 
Example:
i dont really have a phone right now since i recently moved so if theres anyway that you can help me by email i would greatly appreciate it

Step 4:
I got this email:

Thanks again for reaching out to us. I can imagine your dismay seeing your brand new shirt had turned pink. And while pink is quite fashionable right now, I'm sure you'd like to see your shirt looking like it should.

To make this right, I have taken the liberty of sending a $50.00 check for reimbursement. Included is a postage paid label so you can return the box of Color Catchers&#8482; to us if possible. This will allow our quality folks a chance to investigate further.

Also, you may be able to restore your shirt to it original state. Check the garment label. If it's a bleachable fabric,
wash again using chlorine bleach, and repeat as necessary.

If the garment is a non-bleachable fabrics, re-wash using a powder laundry detergent (Tide, All, Arm & Hammer) or use a commercial color remover (RIT, Tintex). Wash according to label directions. You can also try re-washing with two new Color Catcher&#8482; sheets.  The dye may still be loose enough for the sheets to capture and pull it back out.

You can expect the mailing to arrive in about a week. Your trust in the Shout® brand is valued and, as always, we'll be here to assist you further if needed.

http://i.imgur.com/os6ZE.jpg
