Today I'm going to show you how you will call businesses free with skype. This only works within the US. This can be in your advantage if you dont know how to do a call in, Because you can try doing call ins to businesses, For example McDonalds, You can learn from it.
Method is well known but I think there are people here who doesnt know about this, And it wont hurt anyone posting this here.

There is a fast guide just scroll down and you'll see it.

Step 1. (if you already have skype installed and downloaded move to 2)Download skype and install it if you dont have it installed on your computer. And make a account with them if you dont have a account with them, Doesnt matter if you use fake/real information.

Register here
Download here

Step 2.
Congratz, You will now have skype installed and a account ready to login. Start Skype -> Login using your name & password

Step 3.
At the bottom left you will see:
''Add contact'' | ''Group''
Under that you will see ''Call phones'' Click on Call phones.

Step 4.
Now you will see your Country flag, Change that to United States (+1)
If you did that put this number right of the flag: 18002464411
And Click the middle green button (call). Dont worry this is something automated so you can just call it and not be afraid of something.

Step 5.
You are now calling, It will say some random bullshit then ''she'' will say: Please say a city instead. Then say for example: Los Angeles/California. Then ''she'' will say name a business and so on.
Just follow her steps and you will get your business.
Note: This is not a real person.

Step 6.
Go and train your phone SE skills with it (FREEEE)
Or go do prank calls or whatever you want.



For the smart people:
1. Download/register skype
2. Login
3. Call phone
4. Change country to united States and call 18002464411
5. Follow the girl her steps.


This guide is written 100% by FreeItem from MagicPID and is only for MagicPID. Please ignore bad grammar etc. English is not my main language.



