Ok so after over 40 codes that i Se'd i decided to release my own method. Read the steps carefully and don't say that this is the same as the others...

1. Get Skype
2. Call (866)-543-5435 (totally free)
3. Wait until you get the second menu
4. For Battlefield 3, press 1
5. Wait for a rep
6. Tell them that u bought battlefield 3 in a well known gamestore  they will ask you your email of your orgin and after that they will tell u to write down your code. If you are lucky they will send u a email with the code in it. Now when they sended u the code trough email tell them that u never rechieved the code then they wil send another one tell them that this one didnt come ether then they will generate a code for u and u need to write that one down. 3 code's my dear.
7. Hang up and call them again when a rep picks up tell them that u called a hour ago and that the other rep gave u a code over phone and tell them that u miss understand ed the code. They will put u on hold and they will generate a new one for u. If they send u a email REPEAT STEP 6 for 3 codes.



FOR THE XBOX/PS3 USERS:


Call them up and simply tell them that u bought Battlefield 3 Limited Edition in the store and that your online pass was not working. They will ask you for your Gamertag/PSN and your EA account with that Gamertag/PSN attached to. (NOTE THIS WILL NOT WORK IF YOUR GAMERTAG/PSN IS NOT ATTACHED TO YOUR EA ACCOUNT) They will ask u to wait for a minute and they will generate you a new code. With the console's they wil most likely send u a code trough email. Just keep saying that u did not get the email and they will send it 3-4 time's.

If u are lucky and get a new guy on the phone ( A person that just came there) he will most likely send u a frigin replacement to your adress.


Well guy's good luck raping these code's :_)


OK For some people this is saturated or how the fck u call that.


Method number 2




Sooo basicly what you are going to need is a EA account with a Xbox360 or a ps3 account attached to it. What u want to do is call them and tell them that u bought the game and u got home with the game, soooooo when u opened the BRAND NEW SEALED case the disk was broken (Say that it was just in there in 2 pieces) Now they will tell u the following thing, Sorry to hear that sir but you should go to the store. (When u buy a game these days there is a sticker on the part where u open the game) Tell them that u already opened the case and that u broke the warranty sticker. And that the retailers told u to contact EA. They will say well sorry mister we cannot provide u anny help. Then just wine about there goes my 50 euros what now? They will say We are verry sorry but we cannot do anything. NOW THE PWNAGE PART. Ask them if u can get a free EA game for the pc. They will go to the suprovisor walking around there and they will ask that question to them. If u were nice to the guy on the phone he will ask u what game u would like. Just say BF3 and they will give u a brand new code.




Guys if u cannot read the story above just qoute it and i will do my best to fix my spelling ERRORS



This might work to idunno ±'


I did a Three Liner with EA today

1st Sentence: Can you help me with my BF3? I preordered because I thought MW3 would suck, but now the code doesn't work
2nd Sentence: Here is my Key xxxxx-xxxxx-xxxxx-xxxxx
3rd Sentence: I knew I should have preordered MW3 instead.

and BOOM, I got my key
