Here's few examples how to get free EA games for PC. Use your own creativity, don't follow exactly what I have said. 

Also... Find the pattern of your game's CD key and make some random key which is unvalid... of course. For example...

Shift Unleased 2: XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX
Medal of Honor: XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX
Crysis 2: XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX

Usually they ask for a screenshot of your Steam / purchase invoice email. You can try to go around that or just fake it, usually faking it is the easier way. Here's an example of the screenshot (you may use that or modify it for your own needs): http://i.imgur.com/XbaCd.png

First you need to create an EA account... Then go to https://help.ea.com/connect-with-us and log in using your email address and password.

Credits of the method goes to Marciej123.


'Sarah' has joined the chat.
DIGGOO: Hey, I bought Medal of Honor and the CD key is invalid.
Sarah: Please provide me the key
DIGGOO: 9KP2-KH8G-MV2T-H4P9-7KJ3
Sarah: Thank you
Sarah: Please allow me few moments to check it
Sarah: Could you please tell me from where you have purchased the game?
DIGGOO: Steam
Sarah: The key is invalid. It will not work. Please contact them as soon as possible so that they assist you with it
DIGGOO: I contacted Steam and they said to contact you.
Sarah: You should receive valid key as you have paid fri it to them
Sarah: for*
DIGGOO: That's the key they gave to me.
DIGGOO: And they said to contact you.
Sarah: I am sorry for it, As you have purchased game from them they can assist you only
DIGGOO: They clearly said to contact YOU!
DIGGOO: I asked them and they said to CONTACT YOU.
DIGGOO: Now you are saying to contact them.
DIGGOO: Oh my god.
DIGGOO: Please.
DIGGOO: Could you help me?
Sarah: I am really sorry. I have to follow company policy. I cannot bypass it in any case
DIGGOO: What?
DIGGOO: They said to contact you and now you are saying to contact them and that's your POLICY. Obviously there is something wrong with your policy.
DIGGOO: This is scamming customers!
DIGGOO: RIpping off money.
DIGGOO: I paid for the game and you tell I can't have it, because your policy says so.
DIGGOO: Well, thanks a lot
DIGGOO: And have a fuckin' great day.
Sarah: I need to escalate the issue. Please hold on.
'Sarah' disconnected ('Transferred to Queue').
Hi, my name is Ashley Y.. How may I help you?
Ashley Y.: Please give me a moment while I review the Chat Log so that I can understand exactly what the issue you are having is today and the troubleshooting steps that have already been done. Your time is very valuable to me and I do not want to waste it by doing troubleshooting steps we have already followed through with.
DIGGOO: Sure...
Ashley Y.: Is the game a physical or digital copy?
DIGGOO: Digital copy
Ashley Y.: Thank you ^_^
Ashley Y.: And the code is coming up invalid?
DIGGOO: Yes.
DIGGOO: It doesn't let me install the game.
Ashley Y.: May I have the code please?
DIGGOO: 9KP2-KH8G-MV2T-H4P9-7KJ3
Ashley Y.: Thank you let me look that up real quick
DIGGOO: ?
Ashley Y.: I do understand how frustrating this can be, and I will do everything I can to help get this issue resolved for you today. At the moment I'm just looking up the code on our end
Ashley Y.: Where did you get the game from?
DIGGOO: Steam
Ashley Y.: One moment
Ashley Y.: would like you to follow the instructions below to take a screen shot of the CD Key inside of Steam for me: 1. Open up Steam 2. Click on your Library at the top of Steam 3. Right click on the Game inside your Library 4. Select the option to View game CD key 5. Go ahead and take a screen shot of the CD Key Window, the game showing inside your Steam Library, and my chat window behind Steam still slowing my last message I sent you. To take the screen shot and upload it to the chat I would like you to follow the instructions below: 1. Click the 'START' button. 2. Choose 'RUN'. 3. Type 'MSPAINT' in the text field. 4. Click the  button and Microsoft Paint will open. 5. Once PAINT has opened, click the 'EDIT' menu and click 'PASTE'. 6. It may ask if you want to enlarge the bitmap, go ahead and click YES. 7. Once the screen appears, click 'File' on the top menu, then 'Save' 8. Give the file a name, and choose '.jpg' or 'jpeg' as the file type. 9. Click  and make sure to save the file somewhere on your computer where you can find it. 10. Go ahead and upload the screenshot to the Live Chat by pressing the Attach button.
DIGGOO: Okay, hold on a second...
Ashley Y.: Thank you
DIGGOO: There isn't such an option as "View game CD key"?
DIGGOO: Is this some kind of a test or what?
Ashley Y.: Have you downloaded and installed the game?
DIGGOO: I couldn't install it, because I didn't have "valid" cd key. Do you even know how Steam works?
DIGGOO: I bought it and run, then there came a box with my cd key. I wrote it down, so I could install the game, but the key is "invalid".
DIGGOO: ?
Ashley Y.: You should have gotten a confirmation in your email from Steam. If you would send that as a screen shoot.
DIGGOO: Sure.
DIGGOO: There you go.
Ashley Y.: Thank you
Ashley Y.: I will see what I can do
Ashley Y.: May I have your account email please?
DIGGOO: What account email do you mean?
DIGGOO: EA account email, PayPal email, Steam email...?
Ashley Y.: EA email please ^_^
DIGGOO: *my email address*
DIGGOO: I think you can see it in this conversation?
DIGGOO: So why are you asking it?
Ashley Y.: I saw the code ^_^
Ashley Y.: And I need it so I can check the account real quick ^_^
Ashley Y.: Thank you
Ashley Y.: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
DIGGOO: What is that?
Ashley Y.: It's a new code for your game
DIGGOO: Great! Can it be redeemed on other EA account, because I think I would like to make a new account for my current email address?
Ashley Y.: Yes it can ^_^
DIGGOO: Okay, cool! Thank you for your assistance, Ashley! ^_^
Ashley Y.: You are very welcome ^_^
Ashley Y.: Is there anything else I can help you with?
DIGGOO: Nope.
Ashley Y.: Great, well thank you for contacting Electronic Arts and for chatting with me and I was glad I was able to help you. You should be getting a survey in your e-mail for our chat and if you could fill that out it would be great. I will also be sending you an e-mail with the chat log in it. When you are ready, you can go ahead and press the disconnect button to exit the chat. Have a great day!

