This is my very own tutorial that I experimented with and found out that it worked.
___________

I think this only works in the United Kingdom, I don't think the US has Innocent Drinks.

Tutorial:


Step 1: 
Go to http://innocentdrinks.co.uk/

Step 2: 
Click on 'Things we Make' at the top of the screen

Step 3: 
Click on Smoothies and then pick whatever one you want.

Step 4: 
Open up your email and compose a new email to: hello@innocentdrinks.co.uk 

Step 5: 
Make up some random excuse onto what may have gone wrong with the drink, this is what I did:

Hello, I recently bought a 1.25L carton of the Strawberry and Banana Innocent Smoothy drink. I got home and had some and found that it tasted horrible! It was all stale and tasted ripe. I am a usual customer of Innocent Smoothies and but at least 2 cartons each week. But this time it made me ill for about 3 days...
very disappointed with this..

Thank you..


Step 6: 
After you sent the email you should get a reply within 1-2 days.

Step 7: 
After you receive it it will say they are very sorry and you need to fill out some information, for the product code just say you don't have it as you threw the bottle away as it was horrible.


We take incidents such as this one very seriously and investigate them as a priority so it would be really helpful for us to find out as much information as is possible about what happened to you. It would therefore be a great help if you could let us know the following information:

- What was the enjoy by date?
- What were the time and production codes?
- Was the packaging and seal intact when you bought the drink?
- After you'd bought the drink, how long was the drink out of the fridge for?
- When did your start to feel unwell (i.e. how long after drinking the smoothie)?
- In what way did you feel unwell?
- Do you have any other known allergies or sensitivities?

Our drinks are completely natural and the full list of ingredients can be found on the label. It is extremely rare for anyone to be unwell after drinking one, but if it is indeed one of our drinks which has made you ill, then we are terribly sorry.


Step 8:
You may then receive another email saying what you want the voucher to be: 'Supermarket Code' or an 'Innocent Voucher' - Make sure you choose Supermarket voucher!

Step 9: 
Within 1 week you should receive a letter from Innocent with a ?10 Tesco card attached to it

Step 10: 
Profit! :D
