For my (belated) 200 post count celebration, I have decided to release a few general tutorials for newer people on the forums as well as a few that are a little less known :3
I will keep this updated as I add more tutorials..maybe
Beginner's Tutorials

The General Food Method by Coin :3
Note: This is a general food method and may look like most methods..because well, it is general. This is just here to act as a starting point for you to get into SE. I did not copy and paste any other method, so similarities are accidental.

Step 1: Determine the product you want. You can do this based on what your stomach is telling you, what your brain is telling you, what your coach is telling you, or what your friends are eating :3 

Step 2: Obtain said product and packaging. This can be done by looking (googling) for the information online, asking your friends for the food, going to the grocery store and taking detailed pictures of the food (generally works better if you know what the food company needs to give you a refund/new product/coupon), going dumpster diving, convincing friends who own grocery stores to let you into their loading dock, buying the food and eating it, and etc. 

Step 3: Now that we have the food packaging and product, we can proceed. Find out who to contact, e.g. if the food is a Hershey bar, you might want to contact Hershey. Contact them. This can be through forms, emails, or call ins (generally faster).

Step 4: Bitch about it. Tell them that the product killed your child, killed your cat, killed your taste buds, killed your stomach, gave you embarrassing flatulence while you were trying to give your inaugural speech, whatever. If its chips, say they were crushed. If its soda, say it was flat or bitter. If it was candy, say it had a stale taste. Be creative. If you aren't creative, well...um...then...you ruin your chances :3 Anyhow, you want to complain about the product. If they need the UPC, you should have already done the research. Give it to the sucke...nice people. If they want the Manufacturer's code/whatever, you got it (: 

Step 5: The follow up. Normally, they will probably tell you that they'll give you a refund, coupon or new product by now. If they don't, follow up. This is one mistake a lot of newer people make. Some companies are just overloaded with complaints. A friendly reminder to let them know you are still pissed at their "bad product" won't hurt you.

Step 6: Enjoy the SE'd product and please, don't rape them. They will get suspicious if Joe Smith at 123 SE Lane keeps buying boxes of 23 Hershey bars and all of them turn out to be stale and bitter and diarrhea causing.

The Moleskine Guide by Coin :3
Proof:
138
Step one:
Go here and contact them: http://www.moleskine.com/contact_us.php?lang_id=4&categoria=162
For field 1 choose Quality control (if not chosen already) For field 2 choose "to notify a problem"
Fill in your information (can be fake, just use a email you can access)

Step 2:
Wait for an email back. It should be quick and say:

Thank you for your comment.

As the ones who use Moleskine notebooks, you are the real guarantee of the quality of our products. 
With your comments, you help us control their quality on an ongoing basis, allowing us to take action in a timely fashion and to correct any possible mishaps along the way. Every remark you make is precious to us.    

Click here to send us further information and to request a replacement for your notebook.

Step 3: Click there and fill it in.
-Use drop/legit address (doesn't matter as long as you can get the product from there)
-Select the right product, isbn will be choosen automatically.
-Use astropid to generate a quality control number
- for images go to Flickr and search "moleskine broken" or moleskine defect, anything along those lines. Attach the image/images

Step 4: wait :3

The "FIND ANY(most) IMAGE" Guide by Coin :3

Well, we all know that sometimes good old google just doesn't do the trick. So what do we do? Freak out? Nah, we use our brains (which some of us have forgotten that we still have).
Can you get the product in a store? 
Try going to a store and finding the actual product. Ask the sales representatives if you can see the product and take pictures of it with your camera phone. Sometimes it will just be out there. One thing to make sure is to come prepared. Bring a pen and paper if you need to write your case number on the product.
Can you use photoshop?
If you learn to use photoshop, you will greatly appreciate the investment. If you don't have PS..well, you can "buy" it (I won't get into details here, but if you don't know how to torrent, then http://lmgtfy.com/?q=how+to+torrent ). You can find great tutorials online here : http://photoshoptutorials.ws/ 
Can you use flikr/photobucket/random image hosting site?
Sometimes, the google web crawlers just dont' have time to crawl these massive sites. If you go to flickr or photobucket and search for your item, 9 times out of 10, you will find it.

The General Pens Method
Note: this is the general pen SE method, designed by coin for newer people. This will seem easy and almost repetitive, but you would be surprised by the amounts of people that can't use the search function. 

Step 1: Find out the pen model/brand you want to SE. Research it on amazon/staple/office depot/manufacturer's website. This will generally yield model numbers and upc codes.

Step 2: Find out who to contact. This can be found by searching the brand of the pen on google. E.g. If I want to SE Uniball Signio's, I'll search for Uniball.

Step 3: Contact them and complain. Say the pen leaked while you were giving a business presentation, losing you a major sale; it leaked in your pocket while accepting an award, making it look like you shit/pissed your pants and made you the laughing stock of your company; say it stopped writing fluidly after a few uses and you are a teacher who loves to use these pens and that you are not sure if you can continue to recommend these pens to your department to buy, and etc. Again. Be creative.

Step 4: If they ask for the product back, you can act indignant. Tell them you don't keep defective products lying around, tell them that it was leaking, whatever. If they ask for a receipt, use the amazon or paypal generator you can download here. Make sure you have the information down, this is what your research was for after all.

Step 5: They will generally accept your complaint and if you ask for a refund/new product, give you one. 

Step 6: Wait for replacement/refund.

Want free drinks? The General Drink Method
So you want that monster/coke/pepsi/crush? This is very simple.

Step 1: Research (noticing a trend anyone?). Find out about the product you want to SE. Where was it sold? How many are sold in a pack for how much? You will probably need a UPC code and rarely, a manufacturer's code. Find these by googling for them or looking on amazon. If you really need to, go to a store and take photos (make sure you take a lot, you don't want to have to make return trips).

Step 2: Find the contact info for the manufacturer and COMPLAIN (: Complain the hell out of them. Say it was flat. Say it was bitter. Say it was metallic tasting. Say it gave you gas for the whole week. Say it looked like piss (but not with monster because monster does look like piss :D lol). Say it was half empty. Whatever you can think. 
Here is one I used:
Dear Pepsi,
I am dying of prostate cancer and I only have 12 days to live. For one of my last drinks, I requested pepsi (in a last attempt to show pepsi is better than coke). However, when I tasted it, it was horribly flat and only half full (I stay positive in all things). I am very dissapointed. How could you fail me on my deathbed? Do you want me to become a last minute coke fan? I will call all of my relatives to tell them, rearrange my funeral so coke will be served in large quantities and leave all my descendents directions to buy only coke in my will if you do not help me out.
Regards,
Badd ass coin100 :3

Step 3: Wait and reply to any email they email back. If they want more information, just google it or go to the store again if you can't find the information. If they are adamant about sending the product back, you can act indignant about how you don't keep spoiled goods in your house like poor people.

Step 4: If you are successful, kick back and relax with your new drin....wait they sent you coupons? Damn them.

lol


My Intermediate Tutorials

TO BE CONTINUED LATER....
