Hello everyone this will be my first tutorial I think and this will be a really simple one I think. 

Before you attempt this please know that my case with them was legit, after their call I thought around and it is simple to SE them. Also do not email them. I waited 3 months for them to respond and I got nothing.

1) Find out what headset you want. (In this case I chose the AX Pros)

2) Call up their support line

USA: 1-800-659-2287
Other: I don't know sorry.

Now their support is down right terrible. They have a lunch break around 3 - 4 EST and let me tell you. Do not call right after or right before their lunch break, they will be pissed.

3) Tell them your problem. My problem is that the pins on the audio cord were twisted and bended and it distorted the sound quality and the Xbox mic was not working correctly. (This only got me a new Xbox cord and audio cord, if you want the full headset and such say the headset's pins are broken, audio box is not turning on, audio cable's pins are broken.)

4) He / she will ask how it happened, they will be pissed let me tell you that. Just act confused and be nice. NEVER ASK FOR A REPLACEMENT.

5) They will come to the conclusion you need a new cord / headset / ect.. they might ask for a proof of purchase. I recommend not using what I used haha. I said ebay, they got really angry and said they did not support 3rd party retailers and they said they will accept it just this once and they will ask for a proof of purchase. You want to have your proof of purchase ready before you call because they will ask for it over the phone. (Meaning they will not want you to hang up and recall them later). The people will give you their email and ask to send it. I sent my paypal receipt and my ebay receipt. You can easily do this with newegg or best buy or something along those lines. You can just say I only have a paypal receipt, you can see how far that goes. 

6) They will say ok this looks legit enough im going to file a replacement for you. They will ask for your address and such and them bam just wait 6 - 12 days and you have your new stuff. But be careful if you are attempting to do the headset they may ask for you to send it back in (I honestly don't know as I did not attempt it, I will look at their refund policy and get back to you). Just make up an excuse saying you are at a reviewer convention in California or your on vacation or something along those lines.


Also do your research before you attempt this. If you want to get everything replaced look up the the whole thing. If you are striking for the full replacement of the AX Pros, audio cable, audio box, usb cord, optical cable, ect.. just ask me for the Audio box serial as I have one. (I don't know if it is a serial but it's just a number of some sort, if they ask you for it just PM me.)

Hope this is contributing to the community, if you have any problems feel free to PM me or post here. Thanks.

Edit: Tritton's policy will require a RMA, to get around this just say you are away or use the box technique or just tell them that you sent the box and be angry. The possibilities are endless!

Written by Dence47 on Magicpid.com
