Hello welcome and thank you for reading my guide on how I SE'd Pizza Hut and How easy it should be for you.

Step 1: Step 1 is completely optional as I thought You needed to buy Pizza beforehand to have the receipt. I came to find out that through the whole process I was never once asked for a receipt etc... (NOTE THIS WAS ONLY FOR MY PIZZA HUT YOURS MAY VARY).

Buy anything you want to SE from PizzaHut

Step 2: Contact your pizza hut (Next day)directly and demand to speak to the manager. Tell him that you ordered food the day before and there was a Problem with it.

Excuses:
Pizza Looked Like it was dropped
Pizza Was cold
Pizza Had wrong toppings
Be Creative :)

Now in my case I was told that I needed to have the original pizza in order for it to be made again. I wasn't really as good at SE'ing then So I thought I failed, but you can probably tell them that the store was closed by the time you tried to call back in. If that works and they do it then you have won already by the end of Step 2. But if it does not work continue on to step 3.

Step 3: If you were not successful in step 2 we just need to take this a little further. Contact corporate Pizza hut, now corporate Pizza Hut specifically says on their machine. For problems with orders contact the store directly but FUCK THEM, keep going anyways. Tell the agent how you are sorry for calling them instead of store but the store seems to not want to help them. They will ask you whats going on and for your details and then they will Contact the store Owner directly and schedule a call back for you. 

Step 4: Wait the 1-3 days or whatever it is for the owner to call you and just go along. He will apologise and tell you that you are receiving a gift card that is redeemable at your local pizza hut. Meaning When you call in and order you tell them your name and they will see your gift card.

Now I didn't know at the time that it is a 1 time use gift card so you should do best by using it all at once because you can't call back and use the remainder. I was able to get a 50$ gift card, but I only used 38$ :(.

Thanks for Reading and I hope this works for you as easily as it works for me, because no one wants to pay 10$ for mediocre Pizza.
