Philips Guidelines & Tips
Of all of the companies out there, I find Philips the easiest to SE, but there are some small complications of how to go about things with them. This guide is to help the experimental with method SE'ing. And, of course, social engineering is nothing technical, but it's about persuasion and the ignorance of the other person. So really, anything goes.

Philips is a good start for beginners because it provides live-chat, which seems to be everyone's favorite. It's easy, like arguing with someone over the internet :P Once you've had that kind of start and feel confident, you can begin calling in with other companies. Plus, Philips is very simple post-SE. No kicking around a box, no using a drop, you just SE and get your product. 

A fair warning to those interested in SE'ing Philips is that after you get your product: You are given a pre-paid shipping label, along with your newly replaced product, for your illegitimate broken product to be sent back. There is also a warning that states if you don't return the product within 14 days of receiving your new product, you will be billed full price. Do not worry, they cannot affect your credit score in anyway, and you were not originally in any legally binding contract, meaning you aren't obligated to pay a penny. This isn't a bluff, however. They will still send you a bill, but again, you won't be obligated to pay. Just throw it in the garbage.

One thing that accompanies these such low-security measures is that they don't even ask for your credit card to have on file, which most companies do for advanced replacements so that they could bill you on your credit card. So don't worry, Philips can't charge you. They basically give you the product. If you're still concerned, then don't try it. But you can take my word for it.

There are a few simple methods I can give to simply get them to send in your product. Some of these methods, should they not succeed, bridge into other methods. And these methods I do strongly suggest not following 100%. Social engineering is about being creative and sounding genuine, and actually half-believing that your own words are true. If you can tell you're full of shit, so can they. Seriously. So, with the methods I provide you, I advise you to bend them and adapt them to your situation, due to the fact that there are many products where the circumstances of SE'ing them can vary.

First off, pick out your product. Don't look in their shop. There's a wider assortment of products outside of their shop as well. Go to:
http://www.usa.philips.com/
Click under Consumer Products and go under to categories to pick your appropriate product. I won't be going over a specific product, but the basic SE overview of what any product would be like to SE. Some products do require the PID because they are usually products you can't send back to them. Products such as toothbrushes and shavers; personal care.

Once you have chosen your product, think of a problem you may have with the product. Never give a problem in which you caused the problem. Always use a manufacturer defect; ergo, something that happened on it's own, or because it was built wrong. After you've got a good reason in your head, build a mental timeline of what happened. What's the model number? Something like SHO9560 if you're doing the Stretch Headphones. You bought the product on what day? A month ago. Don't be an idiot and make it an exact month before. Where'd you buy it? If you intend to spoof a receipt, pick a small-town electronics store in your town. If you intend to say you bought it while on vacation, pick an electronics store down in Chicago, New York, California, Florida, etc. When did it break? About a week ago. Did you try to diagnose the problem? Yes. Example: You tried the headphones on your iPod, Laptop, Computer; it still didn't work. Did you try to return it? They wouldn't let you. Once you've got this clear, head over to the live-chat and be prepared to SE:
http://www.support.philips.com/support/contact/contact_page.jsp;jsessionid=421DB0FB9F2F7D6E5B179C6B5B70F5AB.app106-drp2?userLanguage=en&userCountry=us&_requestid=127058
Search for your products category. Once you've found it, click on "Chat 24/7" The chat will pop up and it will search for a support agent. You'll get a response relatively quick. Find your agent and greet each other. Once they ask what you want, say you have a question about your product. Proceed with what happened to make them break. They'll then ask you what did to diagnose and fix the problem. Give them what you apparently did. They'll ask you for the model number and date of purchase. Give them your model number and your date of purchase. They'll then ask if you have the purchase receipt to claim warranty of your product. Here's where it's your choice to do what it is you'd like to do. You can either say no, and they'll just request that you send it in either initially or after you get your new product. If they tell you to send it in initially, you can either ask them to send it first, or try your luck and say you don't have the product. If they say they can't do anything for you, exit out and try again with a new name and email. If you say yes, you have the receipt, then they will request that you fax it to them with the Chat ID attached and then ask for your mailing address, full name, and email. Request to send them your receipt through email. They'll accept and provide you with the email address to send it to. Now that that's all out of the way, proceed to giving them your full name, shipping address, and email address. They'll thank you, warn you about the "shipping back your product" part
A pre-paid return shipping label will be included with your replacement for the return of your current model. Once you have packaged your non-functioning unit, please drop it off at your nearest FedEx location or FedEx drop box. You may visit www.fedex.com to find a location near you. and ask if there's anything to help you with. Say no, say your good byes, and email a transcript of the chat to yourself. Now you can craft the fake receipt with Photoshop with the correct purchase place, date, etc. Here's a tutorial by The UnforgiveN on how to make a receipt through Paint.NET, a free photo-editing program:
http://magicpid.com/forums/showthread.php?1374-TUT-How-to-make-a-fake-receipt.&highlight=receipt
Once you have made your receipt, you can now send it to the appropriate email address they provided you with the receipt and Chat ID attached. Once they receive it, they will email you in 2-3 days about your replacement. They seriously wait 2-3 days after seeing it, not from the day you send it. Once they email you back, they will provide shipping and tracking info.
Once you receive your product, be sure to keep the box, so if any member here needs a photo of it, you can be a cool person and provide it to them. Get rid of the shipping label if you want. Enjoy your Philips product :D

I'd like to thank Plexcon for walking through my first Philips SE. He's a cool guy, very helpful. Thank you, too, for reading, and I hope you find this to be of good use to you. Good luck! 

*Note: The thread you find outside of Contributor is for PM only.
