Here's a tutorial on how to write a proffesional complaint letter that is gauranteed for succes.
A complaint letter is often more effective than a phone call or an email.
Let's get started.

 What do you need?
- Good word processor program (Office word, ...)
- Printer
- Envelope, stamp

Step #1: Finding the company

First off you have to find a company you want to target. This can be anything, from a toy store
to a luxurious champagne producer.

Step #2: Finding the product

Before you start sending out letters you have to know everything about the desired product. If you want
it to look realistic you can write down the barcode number on the letter. To make it professional you can
download a barcode creator and create a barcode with the number you have written down of the product. The easiest way to get this barcode number is by going to a store and simply writting it down.

Step #3: The letter

The fact that you're reading this tutorial is because you want to know how to write a decent complaint letter. But you're not the only one so maybe hundreds of people will also read this tutorial. That is why you should always make your letter a little bit different from the rest. I will include templates for a complaint letter but you should add a little personal touch. What would the companies think if they get 100 complaint letters that all look exactly the same?

The letter has to be written professionaly, you have to have a good reason why you are complaining. To help you with this you can use search engines to search for existing complains about that company's product. They will believe you much faster if there have already been hundreds of people before you complaining instead of you being the first person to complain. Always use your real name (unless you have false identification) so that you're be able to cash the check.

It shouldn't be to long and it shouldn't be to short. State your problem and include additional information such as when you bought it, where you bought it, and anything relevent for the letter. The best format is the following:

1) Start your letter with something positive in order to soften the blow of your complaint.
2) Open the next paragraph with a sentence that begins to allude to the problem.
3) In the last paragraph, mention that you would like to continue to use the company's products or services

Here are some templates for your complain letter. Remember, personalise them!

General Letter of Complaint




















Re: 

Dear ,

On , I  a  at .

I am disappointed because your  has  because .

To resolve the problem I would appreciate your . Enclosed is a   copy/are copies of 

the .

I look forward to hearing from you and to a resolution of this problem. I   will wait for  before seeking help from . Please contact me at   the above 

address or by phone .

Yours sincerely






Enclosures: 
Cc: 

Complaint about goods you have bought




















Re: 

Dear ,

On , I bought a  at .

I am disappointed because your  has  because . Therefore this product is not  as laid down by   the law.

To resolve the problem I require you to  whilst reserving my right to claim against   you. Enclosed is 

a copy/are copies of the .

I look forward to hearing from you and to a resolution of this problem. I   will wait for  before seeking help from . Please contact me at   the above 

address or by phone .

Yours sincerely






Enclosures: 
Cc: 

Complaint about a service provided to you




















Re: 

Dear ,

On , I  a  at .

I am disappointed because    was  because . This is in breach of our contract as laid down by the law.

To resolve the problem I require you to  whilst reserving   my right to 

claim against you. Enclosed is a copy/are copies of the .

I look forward to hearing from you and to a resolution of this problem. I   will wait for  before arranging for the matter to be   corrected 

by a third party at your cost or seeking help from . Please contact me at the above address or by phone .

Yours sincerely






Enclosures: 
Cc: 


Step #4: Finish it

Print the document. Fold it correctly as you see in the spoiler below.
After folding the letter and inserting it in the envelope write down the adress with a
delicate handwriting, ask a friend if your writting isn't that neat.
Send the letter to the company. Always make sure you send it to right person.

You should recieve a response within two weeks.

http://i.imgur.com/Cj9Ke.jpg

Thank you for reading, now go out there and write some letters!

Written by: Yannixx
Letters by: howtocomplain.com

