Who likes free movies???

This is extermly but requires pre-purchase so next time you and your friends go ciniworld save the tickets from the whole trip. 
They will very all recipts so don't photoshop or lie. 
I did 6 at the first but more are possible. 


Backround 
All company's delete or distroy recordings (CCTV) in uk after 31days due to the data protection act. So wait a month before you do this ciniworld take all complaints very seriously and investigate ALL claims. 


Call them <--- important 
tell them you still havnt receved a reply from an email you sent a month ago(online submission forum on there website....tell them you revived a confirmation so you don't understand why it's taking so long)

tell them in the email it sayed you would recive a reply within  working days and you have been patent enough.

They will ask for your email address and will ask for your phone number. They will say they will look for the email and call you back.  
30minutes later they will call you back and can't find the email , they will apologise and ask you to explain the issue. 





So let's just say you went to watch a viewing with X amount of people. The staff member who checked your ticket was extermly rude and checked through your belongings. He was a little to thorough like he knew for sure you would have somthing on you's he was rude when you asked him why he was doing this. 

"random bag scearch for cameras"

He seemed dissapiointed when he didn't find anything on you or your friends. It took so long you missed the first 5minuted of the movies as you were already running late. 



They will ask you to describe the member of staff be very vauge and repatly say you honestly can't rember were well. 

They will ask for what you just said in writing (email) she will give you her personal email address 
48HRs max later you will get an email with some corporate crap saying they will bring this issue up during staff traing that mounth and there very sorry and of you give them a picture of the tickets (original purchase) and your address you will get gift tickets for any viewing in the mail. 


The employe won't get into trouble don't worry. 

They will ship in regular 1st class stamp, tell them it never arrived double your tickets. :)




I wrote this on my phone so all come back and fix spelling and grammar later.
