Introduction
There is no right or wrong way to box, but this is how you do it in the UK the efficient way. Most people over-think the box method, but let me make it simple for those of you who go out of their way to obtain dry ice. This thread is closely tied with my Samsung box method blog entries here.

Requirements
I will tell you how to obtain the required information in the instructions beneath. However, here are the requirements for the record.

Google Play or any legitimate receipt of the Google Nexus 10.
The serial of the Google Nexus 10.
Imagination Skills


Instructions

Receipt and Serial - First of all, we are going to obtain the receipt and serial of a Google Nexus 10. We should all be familiar how to do this, although most of us are lazy to not bother. However, GumTree has the highest success rate for obtaining the two information from my personal experience. I highly recommend you do not use eBay unless you want to contact twenty sellers and therefore, wasting your time. So, to get the two pieces of information from GumTree, we are going to (preferably use a disposable phone number in order to) text a (individual/private) seller and start asking usual sales questions. With a work email (public email addresses are fine, but using your own domain can rack up some respect), request the receipt before you arrange a time to meet. Give the seller an incentive once he/she sends the receipt/serial. For example, you will quickly arrange a meeting time and place as soon as the receipt is received. Again, everything's up to you, but GumTree is recommended.
Initiating a Repair - Once you have the information above, navigate here, login and register your product. Once you have done so, navigate here and click "Service Request". Follow all the steps with a viable excuse and once you have done so, you will soon get a label and package below.
Box Method: The "Efficient" Way - As shown on my blog here, I stated that "I sealed the package and placed in the bubble wrap with an imaginary Google Nexus 10, pretended to be a thief and cut open the package. I took out the imaginary Google Nexus 10 wrapped in bubble wrap, peeled off the bubble wrap, made the imaginary Google Nexus 10 evaporate into thin air and stuffed the bubble wrap back in. Finally, I taped it back up in duct tape." The important thing is to be as sly as a thief, rather than ripping the whole thing to shreds as if you're the Incredible Hulk. Send it back to Royal Mail with the label on the package. If your package looks remotely like the picture below, you will most likely succeed:
http://screensnapr.vortexhs.com/LwYOO2.png
Final Steps - Wait a few days and you should get an email from the repair centre, most likely Anovo. You take it from here...

Conclusion
I really do hope you enjoyed the read. I look forward to making more contributions, especially when the month of May arrives.
