Okay guys, I got sick of seeing all the negative things being said about the biohazard method as well as the misinformed information due to, well to be blunt, the lack of skill from the people executing the method. Also the limitations and repetitiveness of most peoples attempts is shameful, so here is my wrap up.

The method is solid. The basic reason is that, you are unable to ship the item due to something of a biological nature that could cause harm to the health of another human being. The shipping companies support this and refuse to ship anything of such nature.
The flip side of this is that you yourself, are at a risk if you are asked to ship an item in this state , as doing is breaking federal law.

So biohazard, most people think of one thing, Blood from someone who is HIV+. This is not AIDS, never mention AIDS in your SE. The reason you cant ship it, is due to the virus contained in your blood, that could cause someone to suffer from AIDS should they be infected. I can't being to stress this enough as to anyone with slight intelligence, its sounds moronic. You have to sound like you know what your talking about because, remember you have the disease. I personally would go for another blood pathogen such as a type of hepatitis. However it can vary to, vomit,animal blood,saliva, as well as simple touch contact from someone with a highly infectious disease.

There is also the other aspect of something from inside the product failing and due to some fault having a chemical come out and be inside that is dangerous to humans. This can be, battery acid, certain types of nitrates burning up and being released from the electrical components and cooling systems. 


Now, clearly there are many aspects of this method. They can all be applied to different products at certain times.
This method does depend on the execution, I personally think there are several what I call "cave situations".

First is the initial "I contacted the shipping company and they refused to send it for BLAH-BLAH"
They will either cave here and say oh okay and send you a new one or, they will say well sir we need the item back.
Try it once again and imply that it is not your fault and that the shipping company refuses to take it.
At this point they get some brains and accept your RMA then send you a new item OR they refer to oh our policy says we need it back first we cant deviate from this. Now either get a supervisor on the phone or reply to the email asking for one with this.
Say that how does a company have a policy that requires you to break federal laws and put your self at risk as well as innocent postal workers. Tell them that their policies are wrong and simply illogical. How can they ask this of you for simple (insert product here).

This is when even the most stubborn of bastards cave. IF and IF this still fails just go up the rank one more time,ask for a recording of this call as your going to the BBB, if this doesn't get sorted out right now!. This will get them to cave everytime.

The method works, its simple and just needs to be executed correctly.

Now you guys know the truth about this method, instead of just going off hear say.

If any experienced members agree with what I've said please post here and many newer members seem to think the method is "Patched" which to be frank is ridiculous. 

Peace,

Viral Impact
